I can't remember the topic that spurred this discussion, but a friend and I were debating whether man-made things were natural.
If we were somehow separate from nature, I would understand the distinction between natural and man-made.
However, I think unnatural and man-made are not synonyms by any means.
It seems to me that man-made things MUST be natural due to our being part of nature.
People rarely go so far as to say a woman “deserved” to be raped, but there’s a certain amount of “otherization” and lack of empathy that goes on – a sense that “well, that wouldn’t have happened to me, because I would’ve been more careful”.
Early on in the play,  it's revealed that Ferdinand and Prospero are the only human men Miranda has ever seen in her life, “This, / Is the third man that e'er I saw, the first /  That e'er I sigh'd for”.  
This past weekend, I had the wonderful privilege of going on a series of dates with a rather remarkably intelligent, and beautiful, young woman.
|37|/u/kenmogul09|[CMV:Although I accept that global warming is man made and real, it seems to me the odds are it might be better to do nothing.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2r0hi8/cmvalthough_i_accept_that_global_warming_is_man/)|
There are since exceptions, such as Spider-man who I believe so benefit from a secret identity.
Once I saw two or three kids make up their own version of morse code so they knew what circle to fill in for which problem, I saw a girl put math formulas on the side of her glasses so she could pretend to clean the glasses when she is really being reminded on how to do the problem.
I think the most insulting thing about being called a girl for a boy is the affront to his own identity.
I think the best way to see it from my point of view is looking at how offensive it is for trans people when they are mis-gendered (Purposely).
First let me clarify that anti-feminism isn't necessarily anti-women's rights, but against the belief in the patriarchy and institutional misogyny.
I realize that it's to stop guys from knocking up women and then running off and leaving her to raise it but she can just get an abortion if she can't raise it.
I think that after examining the Bible, there is no argument that being transgender is wrong.
I just think that there are more important problems like how kids still use gay as an insult, how trans* people still have a zillion legal hoops to jump through, how in Ireland at least being gay is a justification to terminate employment, how the blood service assumes we are all infected with HIV while harping on about a shortage at the same time etc.
First of all, I understand the underlying arguments for women being the sole decision maker when it comes to getting an abortion.
I also understand the underlying arguments for a man being on the hook for child support.
However, I believe that these arguments clash against each other, and I feel that men should either be able to waive their financial obligations to their child, or they should partake in the decision for the woman to get an abortion.
If we take the argument that "the well-being of the child should come before the well-being of the parents", then I also think that it is fair to say that a woman should not freely be able to choose whether to get an abortion without consideration for the well-being of the child's future.
I find it extremely unfair that a woman who cannot financially or emotionally support a child has the right to have a kid because she has a right to control her own body, but when it comes to men, their life savings can be forcefully taken away because the future of the child should be placed before the rights of a man.
Therefore, I believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child (while abortion is still an option).
Note: I'm not trying to make this into a male vs. female thing.
I actually agree with the views of many feminists on paternal rights, such as the ones highlighted in [this article](http://www.feministe.us/blog/archives/2013/06/17/is-is-unfair-to-force-men-to-support-their-children/).
My argument is against the current laws that exist, I am absolutely not trying to antagonize women.
So I forced this scheme onto myself, but always felt weirded out when hugging or kissing girls.
Only after I found out about porn and have been using it for a while, I noticed that I liked the guys more than the girls.
In fact, I was grossed out by vaginas and kissing girls.
Well, while I was discussing the effects of feminism on another CMV post, a reddit user made a very good point in saying that female-only gyms and shelters are discriminatory.
I could honestly see how it could be discriminatory (men might like to have their own private workout areas, too, and they also can be victims of abuse).
But I also believe it's important for women to be and feel safe.
As it stands, I would say that I still do think that female-only gyms and shelters are good things, but if someone can CMV and help make the issue a little clearer, I would greatly appreciate it!
So the view I'd like to be challenged is this: The changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.
Still, I maintain that the life satisfaction of women has declined while a group is still claiming to have significantly improved circumstances for females.
The double meaning that could be applied here of eating a girl out for pleasure reinforces the sexual nature of this attack (I use this term because when you hunt something down, following you attack it)  
While the third line says that “we get along when I’m inside you” this is his perception and can easily be read as the females submission to the act now that it is happening again.  
The “Taking me down, rolling on the ground” portion is seen by the male to be playful and all part of the fun, but, geared with the knowledge of his obsession and her trying to escape him, from her perspective this is her attempt at the initial part of intimacy to get away.  
Today, however, I just completed a between-terms cleaning of my bathroom after living with 3 other male roommates for 4 months and my view has been changed.
For reference: I am 25, male, heterosexual, single, 6'5", and ~4-5" flaccid.  
I actually had a conversation with my parents about this over the holidays; they grew up in a much skinnier time period and they have noticed how a lot of pro-body movements praise larger body types and 'skinny-shame' smaller girls or even bashes men/women who aren't attracted to larger 'real' body types.
Maybe it has to do with being an adolescent and being new to dealing with the opposite sex, but I'm beginning to fall under the assumption that the only purpose for guys to get to know girls is to eventually engage in romance.
"Why do I feel like chasing after girls and getting to know them when I have so many great guy friends already who I know care about me so much more?
Why can't I be friends with girls (even pretty ones) and not feel insecure when I don't try to advance some romantic agenda?
I have so many more questions regarding the non-romantic side of male-female relationships, but instead of writing an abhorrent block of text nobody could possibly be expected to read, I ask just the one title question (thinking that the above questions are more like fragments of a bigger picture of misunderstanding) because I want to know what older, more mature people think.
At times, I feel like the interplay between men and women is always (at least always initially) a bs game where the man tries to show the woman how non-threatening and valuable he is from a non-romantic standpoint before she is comfortable with allowing herself to think of him as a safe partner.
I've always had a respect for the men in uniform and I've always wanted to join.
Also, please forgive me if this is wrong or arrogant or whatever, I want the respect that people give men and women in the military.
Whenever I see anyone, male or female, posting nude pictures on the internet, I immediately assume that they are somehow seeking attention.  
Specifically in the case with women, many of my female friends, including my girlfriend (hence the throwaway) , have posted nudes and any time I ask them why, they somehow defend it with "it makes me feel good."  
Of course, I ask them why it makes them feel good and most either don't have an answer or somehow deay it makes them feel empowered as a woman who is proud of her body.  
I seriously can't grasp the concept in a way that justifies this action, and have come into conflict with female friends and my gf and would like to be able to see this from another angle.
I often cringed back when I would get a video ad for a female hygiene product or some TV show I don't care at all about.
I understand that there are other unfair advantages an applicant might have (being tall, white, male, etc.).
I'm not overweight(130 lbs 5"9 male), nor do I have any serious imperfections.
I didn't me to say "Literally", but spending too much time with a teenage girl does horrible things to your grammar.
I also thought it could be too easily exploited, especially if men got cold feet about having a baby and, after claiming to support the woman, decided to screw her over by taking the financial abortion option.
I think it is also immoral to force a man to pay for a child he didn't want.
I would like people to discuss loopholes, extenuating circumstances and also if this law would be unfair to women in any way.
So, I recently came out as bi-gender to my boyfriend.
I was a broken man at that point, I don't know how best to describe it, my inner self was shattered.
I also hated that she told people that I was cheating on her and that I had "other girls on the go the whole time".
I don't think that *Oh God its because she a woman that she is so lazy and won't take responsibility!*
Its been sorted now and she is gone for good but over all this time I was losing more and more respect for woman.
But all of these experiences combined make me look down on woman in general as just overgrown children.
[Its like a quote from Louis C.K](http://i.imgur.com/PVZ9t.jpg) Maybe I need more female friends, maybe I needed a strong female role model in life, but I need to change this toxic view I have.
I've had one too many bad experiences involving woman in my life and I hate the fact I can't trust one and find it difficult to respect them.
Even if Korra and Mako or Bolin had gotten together at the end, I don't think I'd have been as happy as if Korra went on being the Avatar as the strong woman she was made out to be.
I don't hate Asami as a character, and I don't hate them being paired because they're both girls and ew yuck same sex.
I support transsexual and transgender rights, but I feel like this defense, when used sometimes and under some circumstances does hold water.
In short this is the trans panic defense (also used for gays but I think that gay is much different than trans when it comes to this topic and for the sake of this CMV I will not defend the gay panic defense)
What the man did was awful, but I'm quite sure that nobody would consider what he did to be intentional or malicious.
But, as someone who spends two hours per day in NYC subways, I see no basis for the generalization that men represent an overwhelming majority of too-much-space-taker-uppers.
What mainly pisses me off about the MTA's snarky poster targeting men is that it lends legitimacy to the nasty "male privilege" narrative over manspreading that's happening online.
And all the fan boys from other systems can down voting me to oblivion.
I'm a 33 year old male and I eventually want to have a happy family and children.
I think "beauty" is the default trigger of male attraction to females by nature, and for good reason.
I have always found women in their mid twenties to early thirties to be the most attractive.
Body type: I am attracted to fit, curvy women.
I'm not attracted to rail thin women or overly ripped women, and its been shown that women with body fat too low don't menstruate and are less fertile.
I'm also not attracted to overweight women, which is a signal of poor impulse control, possible hormonal abnormalities, lower intellect, or other things which I would not want my children to inherit.
I am attracted to curves, and both large breasts and bubble butt appear to be sexual fertility signals on an otherwise fit and healthy woman.
And by looks I don't mean the objectified woman who most men agree is the hottest thing ever.
By looks I mean my own subjective attraction to how a particular woman appears and the message her appearance conveys to me.
Let me start by saying that I fully believe that women and men should both have equal rights.
I'm not stating that we should make it illegal for a women to be president but I'm just questioning whether or not a women could take up the responsibility of running a nation as effectively as men.
[After watching this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNDE_LDWXW0) and finding out that women get more moody every month I don't know how I should feel if a female president were to base her actions on her mood for that specific day.
I don't see how a women could be an effective president if her biological machine could affect her decisions in a such a way.
I don't want to think this way and I would like to very much see a counter-argument to this because I absolutely think that both men and women should be allowed to run for president.
|29|/u/deathproof-ish|[CMV: I believe that Feminism has driven men away, and that men have every right to dislike the movement.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2pedmx/cmv_i_believe_that_feminism_has_driven_men_away/)|
I still have very strong negative opinions of the man and think history will judge him as one of our worst presidents.
I hear it too often used by insecure guys to describe other guys that bother to wear nice clothes and comb their hair, and to describe guys who workout regularly and aren't afraid to talk to girls.
Pretty self-explanatory, I think the United States should adopt the [green running man pictogram](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/74/PublicInformationSymbol_EmergencyExit.svg).
From what I've noticed alot of people (mostly men) take it as granted that female orgasm is more intense than male.
I agree with this, but I'm not sure why noone mentions male foreskin and its amazingness with having 20,000 touch sensitive nerves?
Yeah, probably there are, but I've never seen them containing multiorgasmic man, prostate orgasm or anal orgasm.
I agree that average female orgasm is longer than male and that's it's easier for woman to have couple of orgasms during one intercourse (although there are some who never orgasmed...), but I don't believe it is more intense for them.
But at the back of my mind I ask, what was the girl doing there?
My ramblings have been inspired by two homeless men I drive to a shelter.
I, as a woman, leave my old family (name wise at least), and create a new one with my future husband.
I would legitimately like someone to change this view because I see the current system as really patronizing to women, and I don't like saying other people should or shouldn't be naming their own children however they want, but it just doesn't seem like the hyphenate is a sustainable solution to me.
Iron Man suit is the top of my Christmas list, I don't think the risk of death incurred by installing a massive hole in my chest is worth it.
I'm a woman who will not be changing my name, and people tell me that I've made the choice not to change my name.
In short - I've gone through life thinking how a man thinks about it.
The only way I can imagine that someone would CMV is by convince me that all married men also make "a choice" to keep their own last names.
I would need extensive logic explaining how frats are more than just boys clubs that have been around for too long.
I'm one of those nuts who think men and women *both* have privileges and oppressions.
But no- in a thread in SRD I suggested that feminism existed to further female privilege instead of promote equality and ended up with 47 downvotes.  
The incredulity was that I said female privilege was a thing and when I answered the "totally respectful feminist" who "politely" asked for examples I pointed to the legal system and how women serve 40% the sentence men serve for the same crimes and make up something like 3% or 4% of the prison population.
But it's women benefiting from sexism, which is what I understand as the definition of privilege (An unfair advantage rooted in some bigotry or other, eg White Privilege)
Well this is pretty obviously bigotry, so I'm just going to say "It's the same racist argument racists make, but they swap out "men" for "the blacks"" and move right along.
Explain to me why gender based unfair advantages are privilege for men but "benevolent sexism" for women in a way that makes any sense at all.
I believe they do the very thing they think men do.
Explain to me why a man should respect or join the feminist movement.
I have met some great women and men that identified as a feminist.
Between homosexuals not allowed to get married or adopt, women not allowed to abort, some people even children not allowed to marry whoever they want, kids sent to wars to "defend their religion", i really believe religion brings nothing but trouble, and hasnt in a lot of time.
I was a cub scout and boy scout.
I think that Wilt is the most dominant, athletic man in history, from any sport.
For 5 years or so, I've been employed in "big-boy" jobs that are higher skill, higher wage.  
In my experience, the stress, expectations, skills and hours that go into a "big-boy" job dwarf the same factors in a retail or food service job, and yet if I complained about my job, redditors would immediately start a thread underneath explaining how they wish they could make half of my wage, etc.
However as a white male, I attended a protest for the police shooting of Akai Gurley, and I had to leave very quickly because it wasn't really a protest of police brutality, it was a protests against white police brutality.  
I think it is immoral for a transgender person to pursue anyone romantically without first disclosing their previous condition.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2oqech/cmv_i_think_it_is_immoral_for_a_transgender/)|
|87|/u/abhpro|[CMV: I believe that the ban on men who have sex with men from donating blood is justified, and is not a form of discrimination.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2p078d/cmv_i_believe_that_the_ban_on_men_who_have_sex/)|
I doubt anyone arguing in favor of these "enhanced" tactics in the name of "national security" would advocate raping women for information.  
EDIT: I didn't think I'd have to put this here, but apparently it needs to be noted: I'm a woman, a feminist, and a rape survivor.
I'm getting some aggressive PMs accusing me of being a trolling woman-bashing MRA guy who thinks men are always the victim of women.
I don't know how to change the details of this CMV to more clearly illustrate my point that, in American society, male victims of sexual assault receive less sympathy than women, at least partially because men are expected to be strong, dominant protectors, not victims.
As a result, I think the fact that the United States government used rape as a war tactic is less shocking to the public because the victims were men, and not women.
If it was reported that a female detainee was sodomized with medical devices so frequently and so forcefully that she suffered a torn anus and her intestines were spilling out of her ass, I doubt Dick Cheney would proudly promise "And I'd do it again!"
I am a gay man myself, and I don't feel oppressed just because I can't donate blood.
Two women I know (one Black and one Latina) tend to make every conversation about race.
I've been vaguely aware of the controversy as a bunch of women are accusing Bill Cosby of rape under dubious circumstances, I think anyone who spends any significant amount of time would have to have at least heard of it, but I do not know the specific details.
Hi, I'm a mtf transgender person, and my lack of understanding of the female experience is making feel disgusted with myself and want to die.
I have all kinds of horrific misogyny and feel like a fraud for being trans.
*I feel like both women and men are at risk from violence.
*I think that male victims of rape and domestic abuse are taken less seriously and have fewer available resources.
*I think the gender pay gap is partially caused by difference in occcupations and the tendency for women to spend more time on childcare.
I can definitely see a lack of respect for women in the workplace, but I don't think it's the entire cause.
Please, women of CMV, help me understand the female perspective before I invalidate myself and commit suicide over this.
I would argue the opposite: that the equipment actually better arms the common man against the federal government.
Furthermore, I'm a man and do not personally know any rape victims that I'm aware of, so to the extent that I do relate to these things on an emotional level (which of course I do, too) I feel more strongly the plight of the hypothetical innocent man facing a false accusation (the position I can more readily imagine myself in) than the hypothetical violated woman seeking justice.
I'm aware of both these biases, and of course, like everything else in our world of matter and men, my views are also subject to Newton's First Law, which states that to alter them requires a force equivalent to that with which they were previously held.
They went out last night, and he called me afterwards to tell me that she was transgender.
There exists a very real, and I'd argue dominating, belief amongst the populace that having sex with a transgender man or woman isn't the same as having sex with a "born" man or woman.
I admit, I do sometimes feel that this site slants too heavily toward the demographic of 14 year old bored white suburban gamer kids, who drone endlessly about how unfair affirmative action is, about how it's so unfair that men have to pay child support for an unplanned pregnancy, and how some vague, menacing government body is trying to censor the internet.
And most people who I'm friends with are surprised that I'm so low on the totem poll in terms of popularity/not having success with girls even though I possess such a skill.
I think that the games industry needs to be more welcoming to women, both through employing more women and providing better representation of women as characters, but from the other side of the argument, I think that ethical considerations in game journalism need to be taken more seriously.
I understand that the term "Social Justice Warrior" was coined to intentionally have a negative connotation, evoking an image of someone violently typing posts on Reddit and Tumblr saying, "All men are evil!
Long story short, I was walking around with a group of friends (Because if you sell hugs with friends it's more effective and more funny), and then I met this man.
I looked him in the eyes and said something like "Hey man would you like to hug us for one euro?
"Man what a son of a bitch" I commented with my friends.
I know that it's obviously not correct to do it, but I know that in that situation I would disrespect that man again not only by insulting him.
As I'm sure you're all aware, there's been a number of mass demonstrations in protest against the racist policy of the US administration which have lasted for several consecutive months since a white policeman's recent killing of a black young man.
And other times I see less than credible claims about human nature about “men are from Mars and women are from Venus” stuff.
Reasons include: I have universally undesirable physical traits (shortness being the main one), I'm naturally a shy and quiet person, and my inexperience makes my attempts to flirt with girls almost comical.
I've asked out dozens of girls and gotten rejected.
I read from a CDC study that once males in the United States hit 25 without losing their virginity, very few of them ever get out of that category.
I've had no luck with women and don't forsee anything.
I am a teenage girl who is a huge fan of Young Adult literature.
Yes, I have heard inherent (rather than social) characteristics like that included in the overall term "privilege", but if you don't think they are appropriate, another example: from an early age, males are taught that "you don't hit a girl", while girls are given no such instruction against violence, and indeed, violence committed by women on men is treated as more of a joke, or dismissed ("you got beaten up by a GIRL?").
I believe that even though a large number of users there are sexist, the purpose of the sub is simply bringing attention to men's issues.
Generic tattoos are the worst of the kin, and what I understand the least, such as huge flower tattoos on many girls, or typical biker-type sleeves on burly men.
I think that it's great that NASA is asking for $17.5 billion to continue the space program and the manned mission to Mars.
The common man knows almost nothing logic-wise, but knows all the pointless shit that goes on in the social world and in his life and in even seeing unjust things, will do nothing to solve it except post a status and picture, why should I take how he feels to my actions into consideration?
The standard 'pro-choice' argument is that 'a woman has the right to choose what she does with her own body' - and that is absolutely correct, and it would be anathema to me to ever argue anything else.
I couldn't really understand the humor of it though, because all of the posts there revolve around a concept I didn't know about, with confusing words such as "cisgender", "gender binary" as well as "kins" etc.
Biological Sex: I only believe in male and female.
If someone says they dont feel as if they are either a boy or a girl and therefore invented that intersex thing, I'd say they are basing that upon gender stereotypes - which is a somewhat bad thing.
I guess you could rank someone on your perception of how masculine and feminine they are, but that is still based on your perseptions on what boys and girls should be like.
And I dont see why anyone would want to come across as "androgynous", but why we have a term for that suprises me even more.
As evidence, for each of these women, I simply did a google search of their name and opened every recent article from a mainstream news source about them on the first 3 pages.
Because of this, I believe that the threats and trolling these women have experienced has greatly helped their cause.
Because this narrative helps their movement so much, I believe that feminists who support the actions of these women can definitely help their movement by creating many fake, anonymous accounts and viciously threatening feminist public figures with them.
Drawing from this, while hardcore members of Gamergate have undoubtedly trolled and threatened these women, I believe a decent portion of the vitriol against these women is posted by their supporters.
I feel like the song "Baby it's Cold Outside" is about a guy raping a girl.
In my 2 and a half of 3 weeks in this course, I've not experienced anything jaw droppingly bad, rather a consistent omission away from the rights of men, and the implication of the lie that men as a group don't face issues as well as women, or that these issues are not significant.
I've seen nothing on the flip side of what follows, where the rights of men have been mentioned, and the rights of women have been ignored.
I can understand cis-, trans-, and a-genders.
The scope should be limited to the United States, as I do not deny that it is much harder to be a woman than a man elsewhere.
Socrates was ordered to drink a poison, and he was offered the chance to escape because I suppose the powers in Athens felt a little funny about putting this man to death for making their children think.
I am a 25 year old woman going to marry a 45 year old man, and we have been together since I was 20 years old.
2) I am a male member of western society.  
|63|/u/bumhooler|[CMV: I believe that a man's medical insurance should cover Plan B/birth control/abortion.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2nmzyr/cmv_i_believe_that_a_mans_medical_insurance/)|
I'm a young guy (average attractiveness, unfit but not overweight) who's recently started dating a quite obese girl.
There is no doubt these men knew what they did, and were doing at any moment in time and I think the state should put them to death or strip them of their freedom permanently for such a blatant violation of the sacred (albeit tenuous) trust of the people in law enforcement.
Yesterday on the streets I saw two men headbutting each other after a car accident then immediately started brawling.
This is really something trivial and it obviously isn't a major issue for me, but it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth that Man sees fit to name these celestial bodies on a whim; it feels callous.
Who I am: Person of color, male, straight.
That's why I sympathize with feminists when they talk about a lack of opportunity for women and those who identify as women.
While I understand and agree with the fact that women are second class citizens in the United States and that this needs to be changed, it appears that so many efforts undertaken by modern feminists are the equivalent of turning your profile picture green to support democracy in Iran.
They'd shout slurs like "geek", " keeno", "you'll never get women" at me.
I have a hard time believing that McCulloch was the right man for the case, primarily because of the positive bias he *appears* to hold.
From what I've seen, followers of TPR base their **lives** around men's rights and the idea that the way men are brought up in society makes the submissive, and needs to be changed (Which logically shows they think society needs to hold men in a "god position").
For example my previous best friend had the exact same hobbies as I did, hobbies which have almost no girls in them.
I met a girl who has a boyfriend (long distance) and they seem serious and I don't think I'm in the mood for a relationship right now anyway, but I really enjoy hanging out with her, it feels like hanging out with my old best friend, and at least on my side so far it doesn't feel romantic.
I also wonder if I can really be best buds with her in general, we have things in common but aren't the perspectives of girls and guys in this world a bit too different to relate completely.
I have a hard time following some of my feminist friends, and would be labeled a trans-exclusive feminist for thinking this way.
And then, as one example, usually whenever you ask a trans-person how they knew they weren't, say, a male, they say something along the lines of "I never fit in with the girls growing up" ('not like other girls' trope) or "I didn't like wearing makeup" (gender rolls trope).
A big thank you to the trans folk who replied who I'm sure don't need anymore of this uninformed CIS bullshit.
The underlying case is that I literally messaged a girl I knew from high school that was average looking and probably was waiting for a Ryan Gosling lookalike to message her.
It seems to me that women are told to perceive this as an offense.
Once back when I was in school we watched a video in psychology where a guy approached about 20 different women asking them if they want sex with him (he was actually attractive, maybe 8) and they all declined and most of them were pretty angry.
I also noticed that when women tried to explain to men why catcalling botheres them so much and asked them to imagine a role reversal in the video, most men couldn't understand why they should feel bad about many women trying to chat them up.
The deeper issue with this is that I think it promotes much deeper insecurity in women.
No, but my attitude feels more better when approaching women with my desires rather then trying to play the "nice guy" role, which has labeled my as a creepy person where as mode-one just pins me down as a jerk.
Sometimes it has been easy (dissociating a song that was a hit at the time of my last suicide attempt from that period), sometimes it has been very hard (dealing with reminders of my ex after she abandoned me), sometimes I still haven't completely succeeded (my fear of office-type workplaces in conjunction with the job I was working that caused the aforementioned suicide attempt, certain other reminders of my ex, being in a room with only men).
I think it is indeterminate whether this woman is "good" or "bad".   
The reason I believe this is because I'm a man who has a small penis.
I've attempted to fool around and with 5 different women.
I hold this view is because from my experiences and other people's experiences, with people of the same size and smaller, women can be cruel even if unintentionally.
It just further proves that people don't think I'm man enough to be with a woman.
I think the equivalent to "size does not matter" would be telling a girl that you're with her for her personality and not for her looks despite her knowing that she's unattractive.
As a woman I would feel insulted.
In response to [this article](http://www.rawstory.com/rs/2014/11/we-aint-taking-no-nggers-here-kentucky-fire-chief-refuses-to-help-black-family-in-traffic-accident/) a lot of people that I've talked to and many of the remarks I've seen indicate that people believe that due to the civil rights movement and other social progress taking place between the 50's and today, that it's ok, or at least more tolerable, for an 80 year old white man to spout off racist comments than it would be if he were a 30 or 40 year old man.
The fact that the man in the article is a public figure is the only reason his racism is coming under fire, because if any other old man/woman said the same shit, even the least racist people I know would shrug and say something about not even being worth the confrontation due to them being so old and set in their ways.  
It seems to me that in today's society, men are expected to want sex all the time.
It's most obvious in cases where female teachers have sex with younger boys and peoples reaction to it (mostly) is 'NOICCE' or 'I wish this happened to me, my teacher was hot'.
I look at things like this and their male counterparts (in this case, GI Joe and Heman) and can't help but feel that the statement made is that boys&gt;girls because they aren't helplessly brainwashed by the body types of *their* ~~dolls~~  
And the feminist goto (female objectification/male power fantasy) makes me respect women less for resorting to double standards to excuse their weak character.  
Equality is supposed to be about "what you get, I get" not "We have to continually make shit easier for women".
I (19m) was raised thinking that I would find a nice girl who I could spend the rest of my life with.
My mom instilled in me from a very young age that above all I should respect women and that was the way to find love.
Anyways, last year I met what seemed like the perfect girl.
Beautiful, funny, ditzy, intelligent, basically everything I could ever want in a girl.
Back then I believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the "nice girl".
Then I found out the reason that she flaked: to fuck the football teams 5th string running back who was known around campus as a player and had fucked like 10 girls already (first 2 months of college).
The point I'm trying to make is this: most girls I have met in college have behaved this way.
Even the ones I would never expect it from, and the ones who said they "weren't that girl" and "wanted a nice guy".
I'm not ugly by any means and I've had a little success but it was only when I pretended to be someone who I'm not and basically acted like the girl didn't exist until the night we hooked up.
To give a little bit of background of myself, I'm currently a 21 year old male and a senior in college, looking to get my degree in Computer Science next year.
People say that I've just let this one girl ruin my view but I feel like it's completely normal, from an evolutionary standpoint, to avoid things that have caused you pain in the past.
If I wanted sex, I could hook up with another female friend, no strings attached.
And I know some people may say, "but men/women love curves/people with meat on their bones!"
I'll take the example of a black person and a white person, but it applies to women and men, trans* and cisgender, Native and European, atheist and Christian, etc, etc.
I am strictly referring to acting in self defense when a woman means you serious physical harm.
As a male, ive always heard that im not supposed to hit girls.
No one ever explained, they just kept beating it into my head and being a young boy i just believed it.
The only argument i can think of is that old tired saying of, "women are lesser.
when i hear that, what that really means to me is that, "women are not your equal, they are beneath you."
I think if a woman had shown up in the public eye in that outfit, she would at worst have been called tasteless.  
These types will take to _anything_ to rid themselves of suspicion - I've seen men and women alike literally go psychopath-insane just to lie their way out of guilt - and they were _beautiful_ people.
Over the course of 2014 I've had a couple street cleaning tickets, at $75 each, and I suspect I've spent about $300 this year on paying them off--even when I suspected there had been no street cleaner come by that day--because I am not a smart man.
A woman could confess "I'm having sex with 12 different men at the same time" and be met with overwhelming support.
The best we've done is find a few weak correlations, and I'll allow that these probably play a small role in predisposing children to autism, as does being male.
I'm a woman.  
As a woman, not going to college hurts my jobs chances a lot more than if I were a man.  
I'd be wealthier if I were single (mainly because I'd get roommates and charge them rent), but I have no complaints because I love living with my girl and spending some money so we can have a blast.
I have no problem publicly committing my love to the woman I want to spend my life with, but will not go along with the government dictating how we handle our finances.
I will defend the guy when he said that the Mounties don't have a good PTSD screening program, but you must realize that in the chance that he receives a call for an armed robbery or a gun man, that he is not working at 100%.
Of course there are some cases in which this is justified, and I have no wish to defend those who think women who are raped must have been 'asking for it'.
If it helps, I'm a white American (5th or 6th generation American at that) , 31/F, mother of one, married to a Hispanic man.
I was in a room of 50 some people that I never met, and listening to a woman give us some "first day of college" advice.
It was all great stuff about how to be a great student, and I appreciated this woman, and then she said something that piqued my interest.  
How many times must I re-scan that dark room of Alex and Bob to ensure that the 3rd man does not exist?
I always think, Bill Gates or Warren Buffet probably didn't think at 18 "I want to be the richest man in the world", and they got there.
The way I see it, if a couple legally consents to PIV sex, both the man and the woman have implicitly consented to the possibility of pregnancy.
I recently read a comment on a thread titled [What have you found about a loved one's life while packing their things after they've passed away?](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2m1xq2/what_have_you_found_about_a_loved_ones_life_while/) that talked about how a woman who used to nanny for a family was sent money even after the family left the country, but never spent a dime and lived in poverty till she died just in case the family needed it later.
All the out pouring to how great of a woman she was in reply made me a bit furious.
Based on the fact that we used to be cave men and women and men would typically have multiple partners in order to pass their lineage on, I believe that while we have clearly evolved from that, biology has still framed us to struggle with monogamy.
In my opinion it isn't any different from a fit girl posting a picture in yoga pants and a sports bra with the caption, "I'm so ugly, I need to lose so much weight, lol!"
From what I read, it sounds like he was raised like any normal girl would be.
The only difference is apparently FTM surgery is much harder than MTF, but that just tells me the doctors should have made him a male at birth (so he had the option to become female later) rather than leaving him intersex.
If they make the wrong choice, I'm no different from any other trans person.
If the parents want to raise their child intersex, I guess that's their choice just like they're free to raise a child with a penis as a girl.
Yes it would actually, I'm attracted to females and I want compliments from them
I do agree with a lot of statements regarding TRP making generalizations about women, to a point of de-humanizing them.
Before being exposed to the PUA community and TRP : I had no courage to even talk to a girl I had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.
However, despite removing her penis and testicles, receiving breast implants, and undergoing hormone treatments, I am of the opinion that she still has a male frame and should not be allowed to compete with female fighters professionally.
I'm not saying that there are not women who are talented, disciplined, and gifted athletes, as there are a myriad of examples of badass women in professional sports.  
I will respect Fallon Fox and other transgender persons as much as I would any other person, I will refer to her as a female, I have no problem with any sexual partners she decides to take.  
And while I don't necessarily think that women in these cases should not be punished at all, I think punishing them as much as older men who prey on young girls is also not appropriate.
I don't think it's a controversial statement to say that males are naturally more sexually aggressive and promiscuous than females.
If it matters, my bias is that I am a 22 year old hetero male who has never dated anyone for longer than a year.
I saw a picture of 4 generations of women...the youngest was 20, then there was a 40 year old mother, there was a 60 year old grandmother, and an 80 year old great grand mother.
I certainly wouldn't "fall in love" with the 40 or the 60 year old woman.
I heard on the radio it is usually 3 months before a women will stop wearing her makeup in a way to impress her man.
They both enjoyed the company of their grandkids which they would not have without each other but I can tell you that that man would have been better off by himself.
I am sure their are situations in reverse where the man berates his wife and the wife keeps her head down.
Thinking it through for a small time I could think of no good reasons why Street Harassment wasn't somehow criminalized, especially with all of the legislation protecting women from harassment in the workplace (Or providing them ample recourse if they are harassed).
A reply I made to a girl commenting on YouTube: http://i.imgur.com/usKs7hJ.png
Similarly, men do not rape because our culture teaches them to, but because they are biologically inclined to (I'm male) and the sexual drives between men and women are fundamentally different, with men being designed for promiscuity and women for selectivity.
She told me that Islam was a merciful religion that promotes equal rights for women and that it really pushes this idea of being a good and charitable person.
I pointed out several lines in the Qu'ran which literally puts women down, to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.
In this case though, a man is bolted into a suit, I can't help but think about it.
Basically, I don't see why there exist separate men's and women's bathrooms.
But I'm worried about the tone of the current discussion we're having around cat-calling, and the effect it may be having on our young boys.  
Until my mid 20's I was so afraid that doing anything to persue a girl I was interested in would be unwanted or inappropriate that all the girls I dated basically had to hit me over the head and drag me back to their cave.
I'm sure I'm not alone in this - I think there are a generation of guys who have been confused by this message, and are so concerned with being respectful of women that they're discouraged from making even appropriate, wanted advances toward interested potential partners.
I'm worried that the current discussion around cat-calling could be having the same effect on the boys of a certain age right now.  
Framing this behavior as "Street Harassment" and focusing on how much women are suffering because of it casts the act of approaching women in a hugely negative light, and I think this needs to be balanced with more discussion over the fact that there is indeed a right way to go about it.
So I don't want to minimize the fact that women may be suffering on a daily basis as a result of cat-calling.  
I also think we should focus more effort on talking about the right way to approach women rather than complaining about all the wrong ways.
What fueled me to post this was noticing many females laughing to male celebrities that use some kind of elevation in their shoes to appear taller.
While I do consider that laughable as well, what angered me is that those females too use shoes to appear alot taller but they're "ok" and "acceptable" and "not pathetic" simply because many women do it?
but I think that many people understand that society conditions women to be willing to change themselves sometimes to the point of almost appearing like a different person, which I think it's sexist and unnecessary.
Since most women and some men are happy with wearing high-heels/elevated shoes, I now consider it acceptable since it's just
The main argument I have heard against this is that it takes away a womans control of their body.
I used to sexually molest women in crowded places and buses.
I no longer desire to touch or hurt women.
Do you really think it would be a good idea to tell my wife that I used to hurt women?
I get along just fine without people knowing that, why must they know I used to harass women if I've changed?
Reza, as I understood it, is saying that Islam isn't violent, but that men/women use Islam to spur people to action, which may or may not be violent.
Alot of people say "learn to use it", but how the fuck am I suppose to learn that when women immediately reject me?
At this point I do not believe that most women would ever be satisfied with a small penis like mine, that I'll ever be able to give the "main course" as good as an average guy or someone bigger.
I hate that women actually cheat on men due to size.
I also hate women for their vaginal anatomy.
I hate that these women view me as less of a man because I have a small dick.
I also hate all the trans-human dilemma crap that is featured so much in the story-line.
I try to understand the reasons why I'm not asking that girl out, or why I'm not doing a public act.
While googling this topic for background before making this post, one of the search results I found gave an interesting example situation that illustrates how the usage of "man" is not gender-neutral:
In case anyone finds it relevant, i'm 30, female, no children, presumably fertile, raised by my biological family.
I think that common men, after working with them and being one need disicipline.
For instance, the beginning of EWBAITE starts off with some radio noise, a mother tell a daughter that her nightmares aren't anything to worry about, booming guitar sounds and a variety of voices saying stuff like "Rock is dead" "I'm proud of you son" and "All the girls love you," and the rising chanting of "Ain't Got Nobody!".
I believe that women have it easy.
I wish I was a woman, frankly.
If you've seen the viral video of the hot woman walking in New York City, you'll know what I'm talking about.
However, if I was a hot girl, I could easily act slutty and get all the action and partying I wanted.
I'd like to take your attention to the programme that was recently aired in the UK called 'Kids with Guns' on Channel 4 which followed the story of one amputee (who lost their legs and one arm due to injury with a gun) who was in the process of teaching his very young son and daughter how to shoot and kill, and even a story of a small boy who died due to accidental shooting of himself while hunting animals.
|187|/u/ThatsSoRighteous|[CMV: I don't think women earn less than men.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2kacra/cmv_i_dont_think_women_earn_less_than_men/)|
When the 11th comes, I'll offer prayers, I'll think of all those men who died, but I don't need to advertise that I'm doing this.
Many pro-choice women say "It's my body and I can do whatever I want with it", a sentiment I completely agree with.
I do admit video games can be sexist, but that is mostly because the medium has been funded by males for most of its lifetime and even today, a strong percentage of the loyal base is men, so there is going to be some bias in the gender department just because one gender is funding it, which is going to lead marketers to make content for them specifically.
I never see anyone saying that we have to include more men in these things, or that we have to pay lip service to men in Cosmo so their feelings aren't hurt.
I think it's perfectly fine that women have mediums that are suited to their specific needs, even if I don't like them personally, I don't call for them to change to fit my standards.
Your father was a great man" when I've never even met the guy.
I believe the talk of 'sexism' and things like the modern feminist movement, can deter people away from accepting how fundamentally different men and women truly are.
I'm not saying these are programs are bad and they should be stopped, but these types of programs can help people ignore the inherent differences between males and females and in a way, they can be thought of as "fighting biology".  
I started thinking about it after watching scent of a women which Al pacino defended a boy for not snitching on his classmates and paraded it as something that's morally right, something none of his peers seem to exhibit.
From a very limited set of people I've actually heard the notion expressed from, there are at least a few more women who would seem able to accept if their significant other is a bit heftier.
I would say it's much the same as being short or desperately awkward for men.
By "polygamy" I mean any combination of multiple spouses, not just the one man plus multiple woman connotation it has today (though that's a main point of my view).
This absence from the workforce is a contributing factor to the “wage gap” (I’m not here to debate this part) females experience when returning to work after kids are in school.
I know women who would be extremely hurt if their ex-lover published a picture of them wearing lingerie.
I know other women who would not even shrug their shoulders.
Now there are certain things I agree with particularly the crackdown on the lack of clothes, though I do see the requirement Men wear Tee shirts to be a cop out from earning the rage of external social forces from being unjust towards women in this case.
Once I was physically and verbally assaulted by a female for refusing her romantic/sexual advances on the grounds that I didn't like certain things about her character.
I mean, if they couldn't find a black woman that fit the part of the stunt double, then they couldn't fulfill the part.  
I (a male) was always fairly feminine as a child, played mainly with girls, liked cute things and stuffed toys, and even at one point wanted to wear nail polish.
I liked girls, I wanted to have a wife when I grew up, etcetra.
Later on in late elementary and middle school I started acting less feminine, mainly because of the inevitable mockery by my peers, but I still sometimes let my hair grow down below my shoulders and wore brightly-coloured clothes and did other things boys in my class thought were effeminate.
I still thought I was 100% straight, and in middle school and high school had various ordinary awkward relationships with girls.
About halfway through high school, though, I fell in love with my male best friend, who was openly bisexual and himself fairly feminine.
I felt terrible and weird and awkward because I knew I wasn't gay, but here I was having all kinds of sexual fantasies about men.
In the end I ended up having a mainly sexual relationship with him, because I was incredibly attracted to him but also didn't believe I could fall in love with a man.
He, however, was completely in love with me, and so I ended up being cruel to him and basically saying I only liked him sexually but not romantically, because I still wanted to marry a woman and so on, which in retrospect was incredibly cruel.
I also felt extremely guilty because I thought I was just so horny that I was willing to have sex with men I was "actually" straight, and that this made me a pervert etc.
Eventually I remembered my effeminacy as a child, and decided that even though I was still mainly attracted to women, that didn't preclude me ever having relationships with men.
I personally believe that virginity is completely made up and furthermore is completely harmful to the minds of young men and women in the United States.
Psychological: I believe that the concept of being "different" after you have sex for the first time is largely ingrained into young women's (and to a lesser extent, young men's) minds through media and the beliefs of other people.
Boyfriend is just in the middle of telling me that my fear of dogs is silly, that I just need to relax, that dogs are man's best friend, etc, when a guy and his leashed little fluffy dog walks by.
I've seen a million studies that show women make less.
I've seen a million studies that show men make less.
I seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.
I am equally willing to believe that men make less money as I am to believe women make less money.
Notes: I am a 21 year old Irish male.
First understand that I will give them an audiable warning and will not shoot without giving them a chance to announce that they are a 100 year old man with alzhimers and have no idea where they are.
I believe there should be a larger, more inclusive movement that doesn't cater to a special interest group and addresses the injustices that men and trans individuals experience on a daily basis.
One of my female friends even openly said to me that if someone says they're all about video games she isn't interested, but if they're into reading books then she wants to know more about them.
Am I really responsible for the acts an other man commits and should therefor put an end to them?
I don't buy the argument that it's an anti-woman hate group.
I understand that he looks cool, but he dies trying to kill a defenseless blind man.  
But I don't want to talk about whether the women under the veils are being oppressed.
I am a male and was raised religious in a very devout family.
However, I am no longer religious and surprised at the still incredibly high amount of females who join particular religions.
I do not see any incentive for a female to join a religion.
My view is that I do not see any incentive for a female to join a religion because most, if not all, popular religions do not promote gender equality or natural human rights; instead, females are always subjected to men and Christ for no moral reason (other than the infallibility of the bible).
I'm not saying this was the most professional thing he could have done, but it is being turned into an act of war against women's rights everywhere.
Before you label me as a feminist or even a sycophant, know that I am a young, white, mildly religious male who often has difficulty in relating to female issues.
So, as a male, I do not feel qualified to form an opinion, let alone conscientiously vote, on anything regarding abortion, and I don't feel any male should have any say in what happens to a woman's body.
There might be a simple/logical reason we (males) are allowed to - that's why I'm here.
So at first i was going to post an idea i had about equality between men and women but then this thought came to my head.  
One of my frustrations when trying to discuss feminism or equality is that as a man i feel my ideas or opinions are largely ignored or attacked by women.
This seems obvious but I don't mean that a chauvinistic man who believe all women should be house wives thinks that that is equal.
Instead i mean to say that me someone who wants equality for all people, believes that requires vastly different things than the women i'm talking with.
But many would disagree with me and say this is not fair, that minorities and women need to be protected under the law so that the majority (us white men) don't take advantage.
Apparently I am among the ranks of women whose expressions are seen as too strong, too aggressive, isolating, anti-men and, unattractive.
Men—I would like to take this opportunity to extend your formal invitation.
I’ve seen young men suffering from mental illness unable to ask for help for fear it would make them look less “macho”—in fact in the UK suicide is the biggest killer of men between 20-49 years of age; eclipsing road accidents, cancer and coronary heart disease.
I’ve seen men made fragile and insecure by a distorted sense of what constitutes male success.
We don’t often talk about men being imprisoned by gender stereotypes but I can see that that they are and that when they are free, things will change for women as a natural consequence.
|372|/u/Alexisunderwater|[CMV:I believe being transgender is a birth defect.
First I should say I'm female.
I'm extremely pro-choice, no one should be able to tell a woman what she can and can not do to her reproductive organs.
I think this "opt out" should have to occur before the child is born and during the timeframe in pregnancy when the woman can legally have an abortion.
**Background:** I want to have an unbiased view but I cant because I am transgender.
I was born as a male and now identify as female.  
I’m not speaking for all trans folk but I bet a good number of us would take a cure in a heartbeat (being transgendered is extremely difficult and we endure many hardships).
I've seen people claim this is independent of both sex and gender roles - that essentially the male gender is something that is not defined by sex or roles.
Also when I was at school there was a very sweet boy with adhd, people used to be really mean to him and do things like hide his clothes and spray deodorant in his face, I just don't get it.
The entirety of the movement is either about "establishing ethics in journalism" or "kicking women out of gaming", and I don't care which it is, because the entire movement is detracting from gaming by deciding to care about what people think about what other people think instead of playing and enjoying video games.
My thinking is very simple, everyone who has ever flushed a urinal has done it immediately after touching their dicks, I don't want to touch the dicks of entire generations of men every time I have to take a piss in an airport, so I don't flush urinals.
Each time I see the cosplay photos going around internet, the ones that get the most attention are those where you see a beautiful girl showing a lot of flesh, cleavage, revealing tight clothes and basically showing her beauty off.  
The few times I have attended one of these events, sure you see some guys, a few normal girls going around and whatnot, but they rarely get attention and most of the cameras go to girls really screaming for it.  
I see nothing wrong with the girls themselves, but the lack of criticism and inflated compliments they get just turn what I would expect to be a cultural event into a "gonemild" showoff.  
Of the first 100 photos [here](http://www.tested.com/art/makers/465861-nycc-2014-cosplay-gallery/), 51 I judged as a girl showing off more than someone just dressing up.  
I came across [an article](http://www.buzzfeed.com/ryanhatesthis/blackface-walking-dead-makeup-transformation#2uoy836) about a young white woman who wanted to cosplay as a black character from Walking Dead.
I don´t think that OP got a special treatment for being a celebrity and I don´t think the trial shows an indifference towards domestic abuse against women.  
There has been a lot of recent discussion about females in game development and gaming journalism ethics and while I care quite a bit about the former (I think games and game development lack good representation for anyone who is not a white heterosexual male), I do not really care about the latter for the following reasons.
Although I'd never call a girl such a name to her face nor would I say that about any one girl in particular, I think it is okay to call women bitches and hoes as long as you're talking about a group of them or mentioning something that hoes do in general.
When I call her a gold diggin bitch, again, I'm referring to a quality that is attributed to women in general.
Yes I am referring to one girl in particular, but the meaning of the sentence is that she is one of many girls who use sex/relationships to get material things.
If Hillary Clinton became president I wouldn't call her a bitch or a hoe because that's not something you typically see women doing.
I'm a white guy, and far from a teenage tumblr user, but it would be nice to at least have the option to play as a woman character in games, nothing wrong with playing as Peach in Mario Bros 2 or being able to be a female assassin from Assassin's Creed or a female gangster in a GTA gang.  
I don't really get what the movement is about, and making snarky YouTube videos, doxxing people, calling women sluts and making rape and death threats is not really doing an intellectual argument any favors.
EDIT2: I'm female.
I think it's worth noting I am a male.
I'm all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women?
The Doctor asked Clara earlier this season, "Am I a good man?"
I am a 20 year old female.
These long prison sentences are accepted by both men and women, and I rarely see anyone contesting these punishments.
I think it's likely that primitive societies that allowed women to have an equal or dominating say in political matters were probably out competed by patriarchal societies.
The reason I think patriarchies outperformed matriarchies is that primitive societies were in no position to compensate for the potential distortions in judgement caused by the menstrual cycle of women.
Also I learned that women used to have far fewer periods back in the day.
I'm not understanding the reasoning behind men are stronger - therefore patriarchy yet.
You don't choose to be born a male, so it's not fair that you're labeled as a potential rapist with examples like the "bowl of M&amp;M's": If I were to use that example, except having the bowl of M&amp;M's be representative of black people, I would be (rightly) called a Neo-Nazi and told to go fuck a Confederate flag or something.
However, I see the "All women live in fear of being raped" being passed around a lot, and I don't quite see the rationale behind it.
But I'll let that slide as, in the US, shows are generally associated with their distributor, rather than their producer (e.g., Mad Men on AMC, Homeland on Showtime).
However, I recently finished the book, The Fountains of Paradise, by Arthur C. Clarke, that got me thinking about where we are technologically in relation to our current manned space endeavors.
Taking all the contributions in consideration I believe that Kailash Satyarthi had a far reaching effect which spans over the last 34 years, whereas Malala has only yet begun her journey towards impeoving women's role and children's education in Pakistan.
The missionaries argued that one problem with the above passage is that 'boys' could potentially refer to anybody up to their twenties, but I'm struggling to see how this makes their deaths morally justifiable.
Even if we assume that they were young men acting aggressively and threatening an innocent man, I do not believe that their actions proportionally warranted a violent death at the hands of two bears.
Since every reasonable person will agree with the fundamental tenets of women's rights, I don't think it's responsible or correct to claim that these are all it takes for someone to be a feminist.
I still feel that I disagree with enough feminist ideology to not call myself a feminist, despite promoting many feminist ideas and believing that women should have political, social, and economic equality to men.
I am having this discussion with my girlfriend who believes that there should be no separation between mens and womens sports.
These groups are typically called men and women and although that is very politically incorrect you all must recognize that there are physical differences in people are born especially in these two groups that I would imagine the majority of people fall into.
I am however saying that people who we would assign the sex female to, at birth, who have those traits that a vast majority of other individuals have, are not as strong and athletic and those born who we would assign the sex male to at birth, who also have characteristics that a vast majority of the population have.
I however am arguing that they couldn't compete in the very most athletic types of games that have a combination of strength, speed, and jumping, as well as men could, to the point that there would be no women among the very top elite athletes, such as the NBA for basketball.
We usually hear about women regretting their decision the next day and we never see the man be able to counter with "I was drunk too, she raped me".
Another aspect I would like to point out are the stereotypical (just using men as an example, either gender can do this to either gender) men who try and get a women to drink more so she consents to sex.  
If the women is still consenting and the man is still consenting, I think this makes the man an asshole trying to take advantage of a woman, but not a rapist or sexual assaulter.  
I'm not against feminism for the views and aims, i'm against feminism simply because it's the 'advocacy of women's rights' and not the 'advocacy of men's and women's rights'.
I understand that most feminists want equal rights in regards of both sexes but i can't sign off on a ideology, that by definition, focuses solely on women.
I believe that men and women should have equal rights but i'm not a feminist, I'd like the rights for both of the sexes were advocated and not simply women's.
But by definition it's the advocacy of women's rights, I don't want to call myself a feminist when the name doesn't reflect my opinions.
Frequently the women's restroom will have a short line I have to wait in, while the men's stall is completely unoccupied.
Occasionally I'll jump the line and use the men's restroom anyway, but people will give you strange looks.
I've had men point out that they could not so easily do the same thing if there were a line at the men's room, and I think that's a really good point.
If there are 3 women waiting to pee and the men's stall is free, I don't want those women waiting around I want them browsing my store, paying the bill and freeing up a table, getting to their movie, etc.
Edit 2: For all the talk of how terrifying women's bathrooms apparently are, I now feel like a hardened bad ass for using them all these years.
She feels violated, intruded upon, and exploited by a man who did not care about her body, but I don't think that just because she shares the same feelings as someone who has suffered from a sex crime, that she gets to label herself as a sex crime victim.
I was under the assumption that the dress codes were equal (for the most part, they are where I'm from) and didn't shit on women in the way that they do.
**I still think as long as the dress code is consistent between men and women, it's fine to be strict with it.
 Let's say the teacher is a male and a select few females, who are 16 years old (age of consent where I'm from), are wearing very skimpy clothing.
Whether women adopt their husband's surname when they marry is not a foregone conclusion, but given that it's becoming more and more common that a woman *doesn't* change her surname when she marries - I think that any children she bears should take her surname rather than that of their father.
That said, it seems to me that the idea of a woman and her children taking the husband/father's name is rooted in an outdated notion that, because men are physically stronger, they should come under his familial 'umbrella': rather than vice versa.
Again, I'm not saying that a woman should never choose to take her husband's name - she should always have that option.
I've recently gotten into counting calories for the sake of not ending up overweight like most of the women in my family.
I think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.
I think these women should be praised and promoted.
Although everyone should be confident in their own skin and should never dislike who they are, I don’t think it’s okay to except being overweight because “real women have curves”.
I am a female, 5’8” and weigh around 130 lbs.
I however do not think that a man who is an excellent football coach and has proven himself at numerous other programs, as well as during his first season at Michigan, should be held totally responsible and loose his job because his players aren't doing what they should.
I think that congress, specifically Republicans of course, refuses to act because they understand the demographics change, that they aren't likely to win if they do not gain some of the latino or woman vote or let the economy grow, which is why they refuse to let immigration reform pass, and why they shut down the government and created the sequester.
So, to give you a bit of a better picture, I am 18 years old, male, and graduated from high school last year (actually a few months earlier than most).
The way I see it, homosexuality is between two people of the same sex and this, therefore, is not homosexual because it's between a man and a woman.
I can understand having concerns about homosexual behavior or being slightly disturbed if you're a woman and your SO asks you to do something like this, but the act itself is not homosexual.
Every person I have heard give the "can't afford to stay home" line was a woman.
First a little about me: I am a white girl.
From this description, I am considered what people call “basic”, or an extra regular female.
I have Indian, Asian, and black friends who do the same “basic white girl” things as I do.
I think we should stop calling things “basic” because there is really nothing basic about being a girl—girls are just being girls.
I think it is largely a reflection of some pathetic urge of these men to simultaneously be lazy while trying to express some "I don't give a shit" mentality.
(I have tried to pursue girls actually, but my mindset was, I need to get a girlfriend
So much so that people have said I'm sexually harassing a woman.
I've known women who had natural breasts so large, they've had to get reductions because they were getting back problems so I feel like if I ever DO mistakenly ask if natural breasts were implants (and I've NEVER been wrong yet) then consolation about how I know something that many people believe is such a 'great' thing is really a burden.
I'll say, "I sure hope I can get as much done when I'm YOUR age, old man!"
Most English teachers that I have had, along with many general "feminists" or whatever you want to call them without offending anyone, have told me that society is what gives us our impression of what is attractive, like making women artificially beautiful or making things overly erotic.
I'm not saying that the media deliberately made out an innocent man to be a monster, but I am saying this: There are only 12 people in the world who saw, understood, and inspected every iota of evidence in the trial, and those 12 people chose to let OJ go.  
The overall impression I actually came away with was that any woman can reach this beauty standard regardless of how naturally hairy they are, considering there is a polarised idea of beauty for every minute detail on men and women, is levelling the playing field the fairest thing to do?
I think a similar campaign aimed at women to try and at least challenge the notions of what makes an attractive man would be a good thing.
I have no idea how these things work, but if there's cultures where obese women are considered attractive, then I'm sure a culture where unmasculine men are seen as attractive isn't too big a leap, and I think it could perhaps be a better one for the people in it.
Right off the bat, I am a 20 years old **100% heterosexual** male student who has no real life experience whatsoever, but I think my POV is still worth a read.
A lot of the arguments I can find against this also apply to disagreeing with Gay marriage (Kids NEED a paternal/maternal figure, women and men both have qualities and should complete each other, etc..).
I understand that statistically, males tend to get into more accidents and therefore should pay more.
|121|/u/somnicule|[CMV: Using violent language, threats, and emotional abuse in the name of feminism undermines the cause, and it is acceptable for me as a male to object to that.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2hendd/cmv_using_violent_language_threats_and_emotional/)|
This came to mind because as a straight dude, if I hypothetically want to hook up with a hypothetical girl and she has a hypothetical boyfriend, the hypothethical boyfriend might try and fight me although I believe I hypothetically did nothing wrong and all the blame goes on the hypothetical girl for not respecting her hypothetical existing relationships.
I do have sympathy for woman in these positions, and I understand that it is a difficult, and can be a complex situation.
Fine I will cmv a little, I still think it is stupid to stay with an abuser, I understand there are emotional baggage in the way of these woman seeing this, but that doesn't stop staying from being a stupid decision.
I’m a heterosexual white male, which according to some, makes me incapable of being oppressed.  
I’ve had sex with men, in fact, for a period in my life, I was attracted to men just as much as women, but I consider myself straight..  
Everything after “heterosexual white male” is supposed to make me oppressed, but I don’t feel oppressed and I certainly don’t feel privileged.  
Yes, my life is easier because I’m white, I’m male, my village isn’t being shelled by ISIS, I don’t get punched or raped by football players.  
I typically see this with female lifters, but I could see where some male lifters may have a similar need.
I remember counting to 100 as a young boy, it seemed to take forever.
It seems to me that first of all, the teen boy's actions, while very distasteful, don't warrant any punishment.  
I do believe men and women have their behavior differences and that, as individuals, women seem to be less violent and more caring.
Gender equality is positive so I'm glad more participation of women helped in that sense, but the superior feminine civilization that was promised isn't happening.
But doing a little research I also found this asian girl to call herself racist because she refuses to[ date guys of her own race](http://www.xojane.com/it-happened-to-me/asian-woman-dating-asian-men-jenny-an).
And this is why I don't like it when people claim that men shouldn't ever criticize feminism.
Not because I have any unique perspective as a man (that's a separate issue) but because it should always be okay for anyone to point out unethical and abusive behavior.
I think football could almost be likened to high-intensity interval training with the added twist of getting knocked to the ground repeatedly by large men.
I suppose as an example grown men who live with their parents due to a lack of motivation or people who are happy in meaningless jobs that don't really contribute anything significant.
For example, you might hear someone say, "I think society has a double standard when it comes to male and female beauty standards."
I may disagree about the "philosophical tradition" aspect, as I am unaware of feminism grounded in any philosophy, but I think that it is true that a feminist has spent time examining and engaging with gender issues, and specifically related to women.
|400|/u/ablock91|[CMV: I think that beauty pageants objectify women and harm their perception in society.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2ggz0r/cmv_i_think_that_beauty_pageants_objectify_women/)|
|30|/u/DexterMcSnuggles|[CMV:I feel like a woman is wrong for forgiving a man who abused her even once, can you CMV?](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2gba5a/cmvi_feel_like_a_woman_is_wrong_for_forgiving_a/)|
Especially as a gay man I can´t talk to a religious person without having a tenfolded fear of how they will respond when they know I´m gay.
Give me one good and valid reason why either a or b should not be adopted as the default action for cases where men and women are found guilty of domestic violence.
I watched a girl I worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.
Men, I mean.
For reasons unknown to me, a significant minority of men will walk into the gents, see there's someone already stood at one of the urinals, so walk into a cubicle for a stand up piss.
For context I'm a 20 y/o Chinese female (but I grew up in Australia).
I think that if you are going to make it open to women you should make it the same for everyone.  
My real argument is that I think if women are going to be in combat roles I think the physical standards should be the same.
When I see girls make similar jokes about men it's frustratingly hypocritical.
I am a stubborn man.
I'm not an X-Men expert, but concepts such as rampant mutantphobia, the construction of Sentinels, Apocalypse, the Sh'iar, etc are never addressed in, say, Captain America.
Show me that there are situations that don't require either (a) consent verbal consent or (b) mind reading that a guy can be 100% certain that the girl actually *wants* to be engaging in the sexual activity.
From a strategic standpoint, I can understand focusing on gradual progressive changes, but logically, I don't believe you can support transgender and just outright dismiss otherkin.
I know it's not right to think this, but I cant get the awful thought out of my head that a man would be more harsh and critical of the way I look than I would of them or a woman would be of me.
I have very little experience with men so I do not have any in person reactions to the way I look.
On the other hand, ive heard from multiple female friends that they can get it done for free.
I cant understand any logic that would support women getting it done for free while I, a male, should have to pay.
Logistically, i cant see why male blood or urine tests could be any different from female tests.
Even in regards to frequency, i dont see why more males would frequent planned parenthood for that reason more than females.
All i can understand from that is that planned parenthood is more committed to women's health than men's.
The thing that really annoys me about the feminist movement is that it seems women would love to be able to pick and choose their spots.
If I decide that I want to get overly confident (as a man) and walk up to another man who is physically superior to me, spouting off reckless and offensive slurs or worse, punch/smack/spit in that man's face...I EXPECT consequences.
Quick background: I'm a male feminist.
I believe that women should be treated equally in all areas of life, whether that be in the workplace, in politics, in the home, etc.
The Miss America pageant was held last night, and I feel that having a contest to determine the most beautiful girl on stage, who has the best runway walk, the best bikini body, etc., is demeaning.
With that said I believe that in western society following the waves of feminism that have occured women's rights have advanced and are at the forefront of people's minds(a good thing), however as a consequence there has been a negligence of gender inequalities concerning men.
I believe that a lot of feminism is now based on addressing the way society views women and improving legislation that already exists.
Gender Violence - As i say this is a shared goal however the MRM concerns itself with a lack of legal protection and support for battered men.
Which begs the question of why haven't the issues been addressed, the only logical conclusion i can reach is the fact that there is not enough current emphasis on the men's rights issue.
As a result of the video, I've seen dozens of articles, etc., come up about domestic violence against women, etc.
Now, I understand that because Ray Rice hit *a women*, that's it's relevant to talk about DV against women.
|123|/u/Rophaz|[CMV: I believe that there's no real difference between a woman being topless and a man being topless.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2fteve/cmv_i_believe_that_theres_no_real_difference/)|
I'm a "healthy" non-veteran white male with no children and technically single, this disqualifies me from any special curcumstances.   
The opinion I heard was: If Ray Rice attacked a man instead, would he get the same reaction and public outrage?
Of course not, but that makes sense, and I discarded that opinion quickly, but than the person continued on to say that if he assaulted a man, and the man forgave him, would he still get the same reaction?
I'm not so sure about the other point, do you think it's OK for women to still consider a relationship with a man who showed violence to them even once?
In the sense of fairness, I believe that a man should have the full legal right to deny responsibility for a child within the same time frame that a woman may have an abortion.
As a man, I feel that if my partner were to get pregnant, I would have no ultimate say over the parenthood and inherent responsibility while the mother would have free choice over the matter (to give up for adoption, raise, abort, all of them are her's).
I'm in my mid 20's, white male, and have lived in America for about 75-ish percent of my life.
I cannot think of another job in the world where assaulting an innocent man does not result in a policy of permanent loss of job (people get away with it, but you get what I mean).
People who defend that statement often bring up the fact that women are often weaker, but I find this to be a non-sequitur.
But by making it about gender I feel that people are not only normalizing violence against men, but also telling women that they can hit men frivolously with no potential repercussion.
Edit: since so many people are misinterpreting my stance, let me clarify: if there is any situation in which it is acceptable to hit a man, switching that person to a woman (all else being equal) should not change whether it is acceptable or not.
Now, first off, I would like to say that I believe in transgender and transsexual people.
And, at any one point in time, each person is either male or female (or transitioning, but I don't consider that a separate gender).
I know this is a very bigoted perspective against women and thus I would like my views to be changed.
I believe that in almost any culture, it is far more easier for a woman to get the opportunity to have sex than a man (even in conservative countries).
No matter how many women he is sleeping with, each woman is considered a challenge for him and thus I think that he's got the game.
I really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.
I strongly suspect many of these dudes are either on the uglier side, are fat, have disorders like autism, or are only interested in male-centric activities.
I don't feel bad about this, and I kind of think most of these men are idiots and deserve it.
The only way a man would lose HALF of "his stuff" (a debatable term, I agree, but I'll continue to use it here for simplicity) is if the man is earning 100% of the income in a marriage, and the woman is earning 0%.
so I can't help but think that men who marry unemployed and unemployable woman are idiots.
"Pregnancy and periods reduce the value of women as workers by bringing down their productivity and in a capitalistic society its only fair if companies choose to pay them less than they pay men" is an argument Ive encountered many times while debating equal pay.
If I were a girl who didn't know better, I would seriously be afraid for my life.  
I understand that a drunk man forcing sex on a woman is rape, and that a man taking advantage of a drunk woman is rape, but what happens when both are drunk?  
I'll mention the distinct lack of male victims/female perpetrators - it honestly seemed like the message to men was "don't rape" and the message to women was "watch out for rape"; even the several fictional examples were of men assaulting women - but I recognize that that's moving into "oppression olympics" territory.
I realize how hypocritical that makes me sound, but trust me when I say all of my peers (females included) are also mocking the program for being excessive.  
The first is the issue of women going topless, I personally do not think it would harm anyone, but I also do not want to lose the special nature that breasts currently have.
(Please note that I actually struggle with this point since women's right to their own bodies, but as long as penises/vaginas are still being covered then I think it can be considered within the same realm.)
Since womens breasts aren't genital organs, I don't see the point in seeing it as a big deal when a woman is shirtless.
I'm not saying that people should go around topless everywhere, all I'm saying is that it should be okay for women to not wear anything on the upper body in situations where it's considered normal for men to be shirtless.
I asked out a girl for the first time, I quit porn/masturbating (maybe I'll get hate on here for that, but it was the right thing for me), and I've grown into a much more social beast.
The way the US military chooses its future leaders completely baffles me, while I understand this is a simplifying things a bit, but it does have its merit in truth: Why the fuck should some dude or woman, literally, fresh out of college at the ripe ol' age of 21-22, immediately start off with the ability to boss around even guys who'e been in for almost two decades or even more?
I believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.
|642|/u/Thrillwaukee|[CMV: I believe telling women not to walk alone at night, wear too revealing of clothing, keep an eye on her drink etc as ways to avoid being a victim of rape is logical and a smart.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2f1avd/cmv_i_believe_telling_women_not_to_walk_alone_at/)|
4th I would be amazing at places where people want cold or cooler temperature If I see a very attractive girl saying gosh I wish it was colder BAM ice man over here I can do that for you and chill the area down like 15 or so degrees that's a guaranteed hello at least also your cooler ran out of ice don't worry BAM cold beers, who is the savior of the alcohol this guy.
Sometimes when I tell my coworkers that I'm going to Chick-fil-a they say, "Oh man, is that the place with the waffle fries?".
Michael Sam should have just come out and say "Yes, I'm a gay man and I'm in the NFL
But recently I watched the original X-MEN film and was struck by how much younger he looked and sounded compared to the recent DAYS OF FUTURE PAST.
Yes, obviously, he doesn't look like he does in "The Inner Light" in real life, but I think we can expect that of a rich man with good healthcare and presumably healthy habits.
This is why I find the man's reaction in thought experiment 1 so absurd, and the artists in experiment 2 who go the hard way vain and narcisstic.
I think about all the porn out there, I know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl's permission.
With the Quinnspiracy bullshit still raging across the internet I've seen an awful lot of comparisons to gaming's "other" horrible woman, Anita Sarkeesian.
First of all there's no such thing as a "real" gamer, there's no paperwork you have to fill out to become one, and second of all fuck you for saying that matters, I've never once heard that criticism leveled against a man.
As to the actual content of her arguments, once again, I find the only thing really remarkable about them is the fact that they address common complaints from a pro-woman perspective.
I think there is a massive trend in the gaming world to marginalize, exploit, or ignore women that she is correct in pointing out.
I think Anita gets a higher degree of scrutiny because people really hate women "taking away" their video games and I think by trying to silence or discredit her we're stifling a lot of valid criticism that gaming culture needs to hear if it's going to evolve into the artform it should be.
Recently I watched Anita Sarkeesian's 'Women as Background Decoration' video as part of her ongoing Tropes Vs Women series.
Now while I like Anita overall and think she puts a great deal of thought, effort and production into her videos, I kept thinking that the entire premise of the video (and infact, the Tropes vs Women series) hinges solely on whether or not it is the responsibility of video games not to display females in these kinds of ways.
Most atheists that I've seen see religion as a manmade entity that purposefully limits man's freedom to do many things that are for all intents and purposes natural urges.
I've researched men's rights, which I believe is a group that is too anti-feminist and not enough legitimate pro-man, and other groups/ideologies.
Feminism, I feel, has more flexibility and also more sway in education and in developed society, which I feel makes it more effective at actually solving gender issues and elevating equality for women.
I also believe that feminism is fantastic for men and lending them the proper tools to shatter prejudice and make them an equal party, as I obviously believe that men suffer injustices and abuse as well.
Nobody wakes up in the morning thinking: "I'm gonna put the date-rape drug in a girl's drink and then rape her today!
Mohammed from what I have heard was poor and uneducated, then married an older RICH JEWISH woman (could possibly had gotten his knowledge of Judaism from there) then married a 9 yr old girl who he consumated the marraige with at 12 (I don't know how people think this is some sort of saving grace, it's not really, even back then) another red flag
I don't know if a God of any religion is real but I find Islam to be a copy of a copy and as far as religious influential people go I find Mohammed to be the most self serving and manipulative (you don't hear of Buddha doing these things, you don't see him acquiring things and making rules of acquiring things and talking in petty detail about ownership of things of people of women in marriage).
Because I believe that it is an attractiveness boost only, the positive effect would only be of significance to men that are already ideal candidates for partnering; more so physically.
I believe that the threat that they put forward that is picked up by the subconscious of some women, is that these men are *threatening* the gene pool with stealing away the menfolk; and it works because men are usually stronger than women.
I think that also, because it is a taboo to be homophobic right now, it gives gay men *even* greater power.
Where most women could be swayed to look elsewhere for another man because of their losing to a more persuasive woman battling it out - a woman might not know properly, the motives/motivations of a man, as opposed to another woman's - ''I don't know properly whether or not this man is truly interested, as much as I would, if he was a woman''.
To recapitulate, because I'm piss-poor at structure - gay men are a big blip on the radar of straight women because:
I suppose that primitiveness tells women that gay men are threatening, because they could possibly affect ones gene pool
They, I'm supposing, are perceived as being more difficult to stop also, because they possess the male anatomy, and, on average, aren't dissimilar in femininity shown and displayed.
Online communities tend young, male and Internet-savvy; as a young male posting this on Reddit I would be sort of hypocritical to call that a fault of any kind, but it is important to keep in mind that we aren't exactly renowned for appreciating romantic dramas.
I would agree that men shouldn't rape, but taking precautions for your own safety is smart and necessary.
I am a male, and when driving in a strange/unsafe neighborhood, I wouldn't blast music to draw attention to myself or drive an expensive car.
I have neither the time, nor the inclination, to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of **the very freedom that I provide**, and then questions the manner in which I provide it!
I imagine the majority of the men in Windward Division have never seen combat.
It seems to me he and his men have cushy northern hemisphere jobs, nothing compared to those stationed in the middle-east.
You have sugar cookies, chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, oatmeal raisin chocolate chip, double chocolate cherry chunk, white chip macademia, gingersnap, gingerbread, girl scout cookies I COULD GO ON FOREVER.
Also, before anyone suggests it, I have indeed read "The Mismeasure of Man."  
I believe if a married man propositions me for sex and I take it, I take 0% of the blame and I am not responsible for the morality of the situation, nor the outcome of their relationship.
If in the example I made before, I say no to the married man, he will just find someone else to cheat with.
I see the complaint pretty often during the summer that women in offices look more comfortable in their skirts than the men who have to wear long pants.  
Having a day where a large number of men go to work in skirts or dresses would have a number of advantages, I think.  
I think just showing up suddenly in a completely different mode of dress is what causes some of the disruption that makes managers crack down on men wearing skirts.  
Over all, I think that enough men want to be able to wear skirts that it would have momentum, and showing that there are a large number of people who support the idea would increase the pace at which it is generally accepted.
I do not get offended as a male.
I find that doesn’t actually seem to be a problem to many of the women I am with, but I will always use one if asked.
Now I don’t believe everyone has it, the stats say almost ¼ women do though (yikes), but I’ve come to think that risking herpes is just part of having multiple partners as an adult.
HIV/AID’s is not prevalent among the groups I pull my sexual partners (straight college educated females who don’t use IV drugs), and additionally its almost, though not quite, impossible for a male to get aids from PIV sex.
If I ever was to have sex with a male I would absolutely use a condom, and I advise people in high risk groups to do the same.
I know that these points aren't perfect representations of the points in the article, but I just wanted to address a few straw men before I let you CMVers at me.
I understand that women do play games but it used to be a male dominated pass time up until recently.
I'm a heterosexual male, and I believe my sexuality is setting me back in my life goal which is to achieve as much as possible.
I had a rough childhood and i grew up in a low class and violent part at tehran-iran my friends at that neighborhood were ids who swear and get in fights with each other all the time even some of them were thieves but they would never stole anything from neighborhood and friends, they would die for each other if a guy liked a girl or he had a sister others wouldn't even look at her it was comradery at its best
and they always were extremely classy and from wealthy families but guess what they were pieces of shit not because they treated me bad because i saw how they treat each other they was nicest persons in front of each other but once that person left they said nastiest things about him-her, a woman was just a sexual thing they fucked each others girls and they didn't even care, not just them but their parents were like them (not all of them) they would always play mind games with you and after a while i never could trust them.
As an artist I find it particularly annoying that people, mostly women, take self pictures that include their chest area.
Yet when I see a photo of a woman I will focus on the upper chest area naturally, and will have to consciously strain my gaze upwards to the face.
I used to think it was something couples should do, but then I dated a girl who didn't like broadcasting her relationship to everyone.
I think it's obviously fine for some gay men to act feminine and to want to be called a girl.
I would love someone to show me how I am wrong on this (preferably with some research to back it up) but in my experience, male-only (or almost male-only) work environments have been more on-task, have fewer issues of bitchyness and non-work related office disagreements, and generally more professionalism.
I have worked in software development where teams/departments have frequently been 99% men and also worked in other office environments with a more equal mix.
I see office politics in both situations but in offices with a greater number of women I have noticed a significantly greater quantity of personal issues becoming involved (relationships/friendships/personal disagreements etc).
I can't comment on female-only environments as I have never worked in one, but would love to hear from those that have.
I don't think women are any different to men in terms of productivity but from what I have seen the combination of men and women at work in an office is less than ideal.
Now if you're argument is going to be based on the fact that men are physiologically stronger and can play longer than women or anything like that then I must stop you there.
I think "college nationalism" can be pretty stupid sometimes, and I get that some people consider their best years of their life to occur in college, but I think it's more reasonable to say "Man, I really enjoyed my college years" compared to "Man, I loved being a *school name*".
I fully understand that drunk women can be taken advantage of, which is wrong.
I feel as though this is damaging to women for a few reasons.
I understand that the vast majority of rape is male on female.
I understand men tend to be physically stronger.
Just the opposite really, the next reason i think it damages women is that it deligitimizes rape in the minds of a lot of people.
I would like to believe that laws being passed are doing good, and that women are getting closer to equality, but I just don't see it.
I support women being more involved in the gaming industry.
I want there to be better portrayals of women in video games.
I get that women are harassed a lot in the gaming community, and that is wrong.
I am not referring to transsexual or transgender people who identify exclusively as one gender.
In the past few days I've seen dozens of comments bemoaning the "censorship" they're currently suffering by not being able to spread unfounded rumors and abuse about a woman who might've slept with someone who wasn't her boyfriend to further her career.
I've never heard similar accusations leveled against a male game developer.
This is common among young girls where I live.
My girlfriends and I have wasted our time and energy on immature boys because we so strongly believed that we could feel so much love only for a soulmate.
but I think it is important for us girls to see things differently because we have a long way to go, and all on our own.
I'd also like to say tha it has nothing to do with the fact she is a girl and my point would still stand if it was JGL's character who performed these actions.
To me it just looks like an ordinary women sitting with a half smirk against a random background.
I go on tumblr often for the craft ideas there, and I've always seen a post on tumblr that goes along the lines of 'all women should read this' and then someone would inevitably butt in with 'not all women have vaginas'.
When I hear arguments against pro-life ones, I notice that they often center around a woman's right to choose whether to carry a pregnancy to term.
I don't think it's entirely fair to argue that, because, to those who are pro-life, opposing abortion has nothing to do with women.
I'm not saying I agree or disagree with that idea, but when one side of the abortion debate is arguing about women's rights and the other is arguing about the personhood of thefetus, I don't think the debate can be very productive.
I mean, what are they gonna do, shoot an unarmed man with a camera PoV showing the man being peaceful?
*In the spirit of full disclosure, I will announce at the start of this post that I am a white male, who has had (admittedly) a healthy amount of privilege*
When people were outraged about Miley Cyrus's performance at the VMA, I was inclined to agree that her objectification of the all-black female dancers was racist.
That was objectification of those women in multiple ways, and it was racist; I'll agree with these points.
I've asked a lot of women how they got their boyfriends.
I see in multiple news sources where people have stated that the footage "'appeared to cast aspersions' on the dead man" or is a form of character assassination.*
Whenever there's a news item about a female teacher getting charged for statutory rape with a male student, inevitably there's a bunch of comments along the lines of "Niiice, I wish I could have had such a teacher".
It saddens me to see NFL stadia today filled with women in their mid 20's fighting to catch a peek of some biceps and take some Facebook pictures rather than see the beautiful game of football for what it is.
Although I don't know the exact demographics of the people involved (I can't find any source that says it explicitly), the presence of older males and the suggestion that they were Sikh refugees makes me feel that it is highly unlikely that they were brought unwillingly to be slave workers or similar.
|689|/u/wickedgames|[CMV: I believe that Rachel had no right to get mad at Ross for sleeping with another girl while they were on a break.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2dlr3s/cmv_i_believe_that_rachel_had_no_right_to_get_mad/)|
|82|/u/herro_world|[CMV:I'm a guy and I don't consider it superficial for a women to not want to date a man if he doesn't have a car](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2d8xyl/cmvim_a_guy_and_i_dont_consider_it_superficial/)|
I am not claiming that there's one inherent alpha male in particular settings, rather, I am saying that it is possible to have alpha and beta attitudes in any given circumstance.
I was recently reading an article on being trans in America and stumbled across the term LGBTQI.
I'm 100% down with the LGBT movement but am a straight married woman, by all definitions of the word queer as I've been told it, I don't fit into the stereotypical supporter I guess so would I be considered queer?
And seeks to break that link: "First, some people fear that adding the "I" would give the wrong impression that all or most intersex people are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and/ or transgender.
I've been in more than one situation where, for example, someone's watching television, a fast-talking, lispy, effeminate man comes on and is met with "Damn faggots."
I don't believe men and women have been equal historically, are equal today, or should be equal going forward.
Preface: I don't believe anyone, male, female, black, white, gay, straight, should be discriminated against or treated unjustly.
With a reasoning similar to these first two paragraphs, I once heard someone say something like "Men have paid for their superior status in society with ten thousand generations with of deaths.
Now, I'm not saying all men are stronger than all women.
I know lots of men who work in comfortable office jobs who have let themselves go, and I know lots of women who play sports and are physically fit and strong.
I know not all women suffer in the same way.
On the other hand, the company I used to work at had choice between promoting a man or promoting a woman.
I understand there is a huge strength imbalance as I've mentioned this earlier, but women beating men is not unheard of.
I doubt had he been a woman and not a man, that they would have taken the work of the kids without any evidence.
Don't tell me there aren't unrealistic expectations on men.
I think that both genders have strong advantages and disadvantages in society today, however I think the majority of the disadvantages women face are the result of the physical differences between men and women, whereas the disadvantages men face are the result of social differences and vilification, perhaps in part as a result of the recent feminist movement.
Due to these reasons, I feel that Rachel had no right to get mad at Ross for sleeping with that woman, and it was very selfish of her to place all of the blame on Ross.
Also, I'm not addressing female ephebophilia because it seems less common but even if it isn't, I ever haven't read anything by one or encountered one.]
There are already been countless death threats leveled against him, and it seems to me that there is no reason for wanting to know the officer's name except a desire to harass, threaten, and even attack a man who is still considered to be innocent until proven guilty in our legal system.
I'm not saying to man up or buck up, I'm saying to realize that "it's all in your head" and that you don't have to be a slave to it.
The best one is a person I used to know that is a felon, single mom, and works at Burger King (at the age of 30 manning the drive through).  
*First off I want to say that I am not a fan boy.
I think it is completely reasonable for a pregnant woman to terminate their pregnancy if an ultrasound has concluded that it will have a life-threatening or severe disability.
I think this is the reason why for so many centuries, women are nearly always subjugated by men.
So I don't understand the outrage when they say that statistically a black male is more likely to get questioned by an officer than any other race.
Hell, not all white me were included as only rich, land-owning white men have any power, never mind other races and women.
I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet.
The reason I see women's rights and gay rights as linked is because both issues are important now and have been for some time and because on some level I believe the teachings of the bible are against both, based on the above passages.
I believe the common say that a man will never understand a woman's mind is highly subjective and wrong.
I believe both men's and women's minds operate at the same complexity level.
On the other hand, i do believe that women tend to be less direct and consistent that men at expressing themselves.
For background I am male, 21 and in college.
**I believe that, for most women, wanting a man to have a car isn't a matter of superficiality, but practicality.
so I don't think girls will care as much, though I have had a car throughout all of college so I can't say for sure.
Personally I would also prefer a girl I date to have a car of her own even if it's a shitty one, though not having one isn't a total deal-breaker for me since I do have one.
I saw many posts on tumblr (mostly by feminists) pointing out that 50 Shades of Grey is a dangerous book to be read by teenage girls and young women, claiming that the relationship portrayed in the book is abusive and shouldn´t be took as role model.
I think teenage girls shouldn´t read 50 Shades (in my country is a Rated R book) and if they can´t see any difference in fiction and reality, is not the book´s fault.
Why I see this as a double standard, is because same kind of "seduction songs" performed by women have never been considered sexist, even thought the message may be exactly the same.
Note2: I'm a woman and I consider myself a feminist
However, I still think some people overreacted simply because a male singer was using the same phrases that female singers use all the time, because **some** feminists (no generalisation here, I'm one too) have become over sensitive and see rape and sexism everywhere - and that hurts most the victims of actual rape and sexism (men and women) by making the problem seem trivial.
I'm pretty sure this is what Disney's planning on doing within the next 5 years, they can even expand on some things (if the X-Men come in, the Fantastic Four can too!
Like I said, I agree that many forms and sizes and shapes of female figure are beautiful, but in fighting for the rights of "non-slim" figures the society seems to actually attack the rights of "slim" figures.
Also the usual gibberish about skirts above the knee or long jeans will cause rape and a guy won't rape a "frum" pious woman so if we are raped we probably sinned and the guy even a non Jew can somehow "smell" that we are sinners or I don't know.
I've dated a non Jewish boy for 2 years--parents surprisingly don't care since I told him he's not Muslim--but it took months to be comfortable with having sex with him.
This goes doubly so for men who fuck women (although I have internalized it being wrong for both men and women to do their partners) since men don't want to have relationships, and put up with them for the sex, but with casual sex/one night stands they don't even do this (the sham that they love a woman).
Moreover, my father was raised by a white stepfather and married a white woman who had me.
Long story short, I (a straight female) dated and was ultimately engaged to a man who identified as bisexual for 6.5 years.
I left feeling extremely uncomfortable about the encounter for a couple of days, after which, (through a confrontation on my behalf because things just didn't *feel* right around my ex that night), he confessed that he had been having unprotected, high risk sex with random men he was meeting off of the internet.
(And yes, I have been tested for the full spectrum of STDs as there were a couple of incidents that arose within our relationship where I believe he was *thinking* about cheating on me with other men, but didn't follow through with it because I caught on quickly enough).
Thing is, he was also incredibly dishonest and evasive in our relationship and while his deception was never of this magnitude before, I won't lie in saying that now, not only am I absolutely petrified of anyone who isn't extremely open and honest with me, but now, I honestly feel like the medical and health risk in having any sort of a relationship with a bisexual man is far, far too great to justify.
Given everything that's happened, I find the notion of bisexual men revolting and absolutely terrifying, and what's worse, is in my experience, I ironically ONLY have ever attracted bisexual men, and quite fiercely.
Please help change my view because I never, never used to feel this way about ANYONE in the LBGT community and now I'm scared positively shitless of bisexual men...
I am a 20 year old male and attend college in the Midwest.
Do I just not get female fashion?
It doesn't bother me in the slightest if the last person to relieve themselves at a toilet was a man or a woman in my own home.
I believe that, if anything, treating men and women as separate but equal in tangible, everyday way - including toilets - may even have a corrosive effect on gender equality.
However, I once read a study that claimed that girls tend to be worse at mathematics because society tells them they are and then once they have that idea in their head, they fail to put in the effort.
I find these statements incompatible because someone who considers themselves a woman can be interested in anything, have any attribute, and should not be discriminated against.
A human male can simply say “I am a woman” and therefore become one.
I personally would not be attracted to a transgender woman (a human male) even if they had gender reassignment surgery.
From a bit of googling I can find a lot of opinion pieces extolling the [hypothetical virtues of diversity](http://www.forbes.com/sites/mikemyatt/2013/11/18/top-10-reasons-diversity-is-good-for-the-boardroom/), and even the odd study that shows [a correlation between more female/foreign workforces and returns on equity](http://www.mckinsey.com/insights/organization/is_there_a_payoff_from_top-team_diversity), but not much hard evidence that diversity = good for business.
I'm aware of course that it depends how you define the term "diverse", but my suspicion is that companies would be better advised to focus on the demands of their particular market than try to increase the number of females or ethnic minorities on the board.
For example, it may be part of a certain culture's morality to oppress women, but I am very much against this.
I don't understand transgender people.
See, I have a gay friend who has many "feminine" traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.
This whole new feminism is huge on the "fuck gender roles" thing, which I agree, yet I think transgender people are still falling into that old concept.
"I like masculine things, therefore, I'm actually a man"
MTF or FTM trans I think are misguided, yes.
I would very much like to hear from an actual transgender individual, and what made them realize they were transgender.
Here's the deal: I'm a 22 year old White Male living in the state of Indiana in the United States of America.
EDIT: Climate Change bit, I believe it's man made.
I'm confused with the whole Transgender movement and gender identity and the various gender identities etc.
I'm not against transgender people and believe in rights for all, I'm just here to understand.
Basically, I think that our mind -- whilst in a biological body that is structured a certain way -- is not 'male' or 'female' in itself.
Right now, to me, it's similar to the idea that a man can understand what it is like to have a period or a woman knowing what it's like to have an erection (basically: you don't).
"Give me a child until theyre 7 and i will give you the man"
I understand that The Manliest Man doing something "cute" for a girl is cute, but then the action of the man is cute, not the man.
I want to be a better man, and I feel like calling me cute calls into question everything that I've done up to this point.
I'm sure there are words like this for women as well.
I haven't talked to many people about this but one girl who kept calling me cute.
gt;"Hey, man, I heard you got banned from Reddit?"
gt;"Hey, man, I heard you got banned from Reddit?"
And I know they were reacting against things like hair metal and glam rock (not STP) which were consciously selling men as sex objects.
I think i would be fine knowing it would be a boy...that just feels more "manageable"
I'm sick of hearing all of this defense for a man who beat the shit out of his wife against a man who just inhaled a substance that should be legal in the first place.
What do I know about feminism, the female experience, or the bout of the poor?
**All I can truly know is my own experience as a young, white male living in North America.
When I was in the hospital for an eating disorder many of the girls had a court ordered feeding tube because they refused to eat.
I don't understand why people act like women are being denied a human right.
I feel like it limits women's choices, as they're being told they have to receive free birth control as an included benefit(and not actually receive it if they don't want it), and be paid less to cover the costs of all of the other women using it.
I understand that war is horrible and, hell, I'm a healthy male of fighting age and probably wouldn't fare well if an world war broke out.
"What I’ve tried to employ the female members of my family — some of who you all met and talked to and what have you — is that ...
Keep in mind that I'm a younger man, and I didn't have to feel the disappointment of when the first one came out.
I saw a video recently on Reddit about a Muslim man beating a foreign working maid because he had a cell phone.
Granted I've never had trouble with this issue with a significant other, but once in an office building and once staying with a female friend (the later of which I understand because it's her house
First of all, I support abortions when the case is about being raped, contraceptives failing, baby diagnosed with a condition or disease that will affect the rest of their life (e.g. Down's syndrome), baby going to be born in a bad environment (dad abuses mom), being uneducated about pregnancy in general (e.g. A girl was never taught sex-ed and doesn't know the consequences of sex, the mother and/or baby can die because of the pregnancy...
Even the woman who's mother died because of the traffic even said: "It's just politics; leave me out of it".
I understand that they strive to make the girl characters cute (or "kawaii") but you don't have to make a girl look like a 12 year old to make her cute.
It also seems extremely common to sexualize these young girl characters, but I'll get to that later.
The whole hentai thing is also completely puzzling to me, not only do I not understand how anyone can find arousment in the pictures, but they also always display very young (or "cute" I guess they call it) girls and it seems like borderline pedophilia in the sense that they are picturing underage girls in a sexual manner.
I don't believe women want sex nearly as much as men do.
But, in general I believe that men at large are more desiring of sex.
One reason I believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.
I can't think of any scenario in which women are willing to give up something of significant value in order to get sex.
I don't have support for this one, but in my experience men are the ones who are proactive about directly asking women out or making direct romantic gestures.
There are only a few examples I know (there is another video in which is about 1:1 as well), but the average of men that say yes it much higher than the average in the gender opposite video.
The woman ahead of me got to a prompt that said something like "Session about to expire due to inactivity, touch anywhere on the screen in the next 15 seconds to continue."
Most of the kids I know can barely name any amendments, except for like freedom of speech (and they seem to be under the impression that freedom of speech means that you can say whatever you want and shouldn't have to have any social repercussions for it), right to guns and women's suffrage.
Studies I have seen focused on either women preferring longer penises visually but with diminishing returns after a certain point, or on women preferring the stimulation brought by girth rather than length.
I have a feeling women tend to overestimate the inches of their Bfs penises, not the relative size but the absolute size in inches.
I have come to the conclusion that our culture (western), whether you are a feminist,Terper,or just a regular person, shares the underlying belief that women have a value that is distinct from that attributed to men.
What I mean is that women are assigned a value based around their bodies and their ability to reproduce which men are not assigned.
I want to point out that I do not believe that women MUST NOT be accorded any other value.
I would like to state that women are absolutely men's equal in every way in terms of capability, despite the differences in upper body strength.
But I do believe things have developed in a certain manner due to fundamental MALE INSECURITY.dont forget that men are not sympathised with, for their insecurity, but generally shunned or mocked.
I am also not saying that the corporal-value-train is all sweetness and light and awesomeness, there are lots of downsides, and women do not get the same value at all ages, or at all levels of attractiveness.
Lately, I've been reading up on the work of a man named [Guy McPherson](http://guymcpherson.com/), who is of the opinion that global warming will drive humanity to extinction within a few decades.
I have often heard the statement that since a man is much larger and stronger than a woman, if they get into a mutual violence situation, or even if she begins to become physically assaultive with him, that the responsibility is on the man to exercise restraint since he is bigger and stronger.
I've had several friends come out as non-binary or genderfluid and such and such, and I just can't buy into it.
I feel like this is also taking away from actual trans people who felt this way their whole lives.
I think a lot of domestic abuse is on the beater but some blame goes to the man.
Considering the higher male unemployment, I think anyone offering a female-specific incentive such as a STEM scholarship should be required to promote a male-specific scholarship to a female-dominated field.
I live in Czech Rep. and our parliament just agreed on 30% quota dedicated to female candidates in each party's candidate list for elections.
I'm not a women, so I would to hear a perspective of a woman.
I think this is the main issue, from now on, every women would need to prove theirselves twice as hard they really are capable politicians, not that they are here just because some quota said so.
If there is an issue of discriminating women in political parties (and I'm not exactly convinced about that, as I stated above), I don't think any artificial quota will magically make this go away.
I still think quotas aren't the best way to have more female politicians, but I can see why some of you do.
While there is certainly an issue with the sexual objectification of women in films and games, I would contend that objectification of men as generic drones to be slaughtered is more widespread and pernicious.
On average, men are stronger than women, so I don’t think that it’s fair to have people with different abilities to play together.
I just believe that it would help female and male students have more confidence and develop better as athletes, if they are playing with people of similar or equal ability.
In our arguments we assume that I (the male) would have a higher income in the future, simply because of our current job arrangements that are estimated to around the same rate in the future.
To clarify, I am not asking to debate individual views of the liberal community (women's rights, gay rights...).
When the fingerstache meme first became popular I was mortified because the moustache is now a symbol of barbarism and brutality towards man.
First of all, even as a woman, I find that an extremely childish point of view.
I personally think persecuting company's for refusing to provide birth control in their health care package (not that the woman couldn't just buy it without insurance!) is as assine as getting upset if an orthodox jewish meat company refused to purchase pork for their work cafeteria.
I find nothing ethically wrong with subjecting a condemned man to some measure of suffering before his death.
What I was trying to get at was the idea that white people's racism towards black people and men's sexism towards women are the same in their underlying emotions and motivation and have comparable effects black people and women, as if the only difference between racism and sexism is that racism applies where the groups are separated by skin color while sexism applies where the groups are separated by the kind of genitals they have.
I am skeptical about [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBakqLUBWP0&amp;oref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DsBakqLUBWP0&amp;has_verified=1&amp;bpctr=1406127570#t=2m15s) video **Warming it is supposedly a video of a man being shot.  
If that's your argument, then I suggest, you should try to get rid of the privilege that women can get away with beatin men, thank you.
I've read so many times that "gamers are 48% female".
I think it's worth pointing out that, in games that have a majority-female audience (like Hidden Object-type games), there are a majority of female protagonists... not unlike how there are many other genres of media (chick lit/flicks for example) where the main character is predominantly female.
So now we move to the decision to not have a female assassin option... though I wish to phrase this differently.
I've seen people complain that the trailer showed "4 different men"...
In conclusion, I will say that I think that it would be great to have a female assassin option and I have little doubt that this feature will be added back in next year once the kinks of the "next gen" engine are worked out and more development time is available.
If the attitude is "I can only enjoy playing as a woman" then I say, you are statistically in the minority and not every game can cater to your personal whims... certainly not one that has to be out by black friday, ready or not.
Today I saw a homeless man with a dog and which lead me to thinking that he shouldn't be allowed to look after the dog if he cannot even look after himself.
If a man is struggling in his own life to look after himself, he will struggle even more whilst also trying to provide for a dog too, and I fail to see how they both manage to eat a good meal from begging alone, not to mention the food that the dog does eat most likely will not be ideal for his diet and could even lead to health problems.
I even met one Italian man who's dream was to move to America and buy a Harley Davidson.
I'm reminded of [the Biblical story](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark+12:41-44) of the woman who gave her last cents in offering and was praised by Jesus as giving more than anyone else.  
Firstly I'd just like to point out that I am female.
I think it's much harder now for women to 1) feel like being a housewife is an acceptable lifestyle choice and 2) to feel like this is important enough to dedicate their lives to.
I think people should be completely free and I'm super happy that their are no restrictions on my life choices because of my gender, but now, when I say a 'successful women' you picture a high driven business women in a nice suit with important places to be.
Hello I am an able bodied 24 year old male, about 6'1 and 205 pounds.
I love the idea of a female "Thor", I love female protagonists (Korra &lt;3).
The way he's been written recently I'd rather call him "the world's luckiest angst-filled teenager-man-baby".
I understand that there is such thing as a target market, and that there should not be any sexism read into targeting a market (i.e. using pink and purple colours for girl related products, or read and blue for boys), as these targets were created by indoctrination, and industry just capitalizes on these easily discernible demographic tropes..
Subreddits like /r/TwoXChromosomes (I chose this one because it is by far the largest community, but the same could said about /r/men )
The pink and purple style and even the side bar of (Extremely stereotypical) girl relevant topics I'm willing to look over, on the basis of target market stereotypes being, if anything, an indoctrination problem.
The issue I have with this subreddit is rather this clause: "relevant to our experiences as women, for women, or about women.".
Now there are topics, which I agree woman are more 'specialized' in or in the know about, such as Bras or Periods; but this subreddit's posts range from these, perhaps, woman specific topics all the way to stories about woman/told by woman or even just a picture with a woman in it.
I like to consider myself a man of action and I can't stand when people use this word in this sense, to me, it seems as though people have given up actually making progress toward improving their situation and deciding that it is out of their hands.
So last week I had an argument with this guy on the post with that girl that had the "Class of 2022" shirt on.
[link to the argument](http://imgur.com/N7kNYub,TmPf1D2,0gV3ITL,ZziTzXR) (the deleted comment pointed out that she is a popular girl at the moment on Creepshots) and all of my comments were getting downvoted after I said that I thought that that was disgusting and wrong.
At the end of it he says "Sorry man, my friend died today and I'm not at my best work-wise."
Eventually the girl pulls me aside and says "He didn't want me to tell you this, but his grandma passed away and that's why he's acting like this."
First of all, I'd like to say that I myself am an 18 year old male, and I do suffer from acne.
To me, it seems as though we take sports more seriously than we take the man who makes sure that we don't turn into a s**thole full of anarchy and corruption.
The eBay Song is just about buying stuff on eBay and doesn't seem to have anything to do with I Want It That Way and didn't even mock the boy band style.
Please do not make a straw man out of me and call me a rape apologist.
I am not unhappy, my life does not lack purpose, I have very strong morals, I have many friends I have met at university with similar views, as I still have friends who are part of a religion and my life has more meaning now then it did when I was brainwashed into believing an invisible man in the sky.
As a man of science if you can present to me strong evidence that would be able to stand up to peer review I will have no choice to to believe it.
For example Bill Maher is anti-vaccine, I strongly disagree with him on that point, as I'm sure the other men on this list would.
Not only was she pissed off when I expressed this belief but all the other girls in the group text.
I think the pointing of fingers by people who scream "victim blaming" is skewed to favor women in any case.  
First of all, I myself am a teenage girl and I have a very close relationship with my parents and I feel safe, and trust them, talking to them about sexual activities as I know they are more experienced than me.
I would consider myself more independent compared to other teenage girls, however I believe that research is required before making decisions such as birth control.
I believe that teenage girls are first of all not mature enough to have a well researched, or experience say in their sex lives.
However, being a teenage girl myself I feel that my opinions are not well researched and do not consider the statuses of other teenage girls within their families.
I don't want their farts to sound like man-farts.
I don't think I'd want to date and marry women who fart man-sounding farts around me.
Then, and ONLY then, will I not mind women farting at all.
Take men now, personally I find 10-12% and 15% hot.
Additionally, I need to clarify  that this is basically a counter point to women saying it is hard to meet today's beauty standards.
Also, since I'm doing an edit, it is worth noting that women generally rate men as less attractive than men, source: http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/your-looks-and-online-dating/ .
I suppose the man expected the plane to crash because of his fear of flying, so it is not ironic for him, but the characters around the man probably expected that he would end up somewhere safe.  
This is often compared to female genital mutilation, that no one I've come across in my 30 years on this planet actually supports.
I've got a unique opportunity, unlike most of the poor girls whose genitals have been mutilated for different reasons.
In a first world nation of over 300 million though, wherein [83% of males born in the 1980's](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prevalence_of_circumcision) (my generation) are circumcised, it's difficult *for me* to suddenly see 4 out of 5 men as victims of some barbarian practice.
First of all I'm not "conservative" and I don't hate women.
To preface this - I am a late 20 something Jewish "white" girl from Brooklyn, NY.
But I am still fighting for the privileges that I don't have - to be LGBT, to be a woman who controls my own body, also to be Jewish freely.
This is why I think that there should be even more precautions, such as isolations of those known to have aggressive sexual impulses, in addition to women being aware of the possible dangers of being out at night.
I often heard on reddit about /r/MensRights, and about how everyone on there is a woman hating, bigoted piece of shit.
After spending half an hour on the subreddit, I couldn't find anything bigoted or offensive, and although I recognize that there are probably people on there who do hate women, they are actually quite hard to find.
I get that the mistreatment of women is a larger problem than the mistreatment of men, but this doesn't mean the mistreatment of men isn't a problem.
For instance, if I were to go into work next week and announce that I have decided that I am a woman (I am a man), my colleagues would be supportive, enthusiastic and curious.
A common counterargument I get is about where one would carry the cutlery, especially for men who tend to not bring handbags with them.
I believe that men should be allowed to wear shorts in any workplace that a woman is allowed to wear a skirt.
With the temperatures scorching I believe it is unjust that women are allowed to wear skirts to work but men are not allowed to wear shorts.
I am not talking about wearing shorts in places wear necessary attire is required for work, but any institution that allows for business attire that permits females to wear attire that exposes their legs, men should have the same right.
I believe men should have that same ability, and that ability not existing for them, is a bias based on gender.
I'm not a red-piller (and indeed am shocked by many of their beliefs), but after a lot of debate I have come to the parallel conclusion that the feminist movement is a sexist hate group that attacks both men and masculinity:
* Feminists [conflate](http://i-should-be-writing.tumblr.com/post/60498076704/my-law-class-makes-me-hate-society) even the most benign expressions of male sexuality with rape: e.g. catcalling.  
The existence of moderate feminists does not dissuade me from the idea that feminism is a poisonous gradient, where the longer one studies it the more anti-male they become.
Now while people would argue no one is ever going to see a movie for the soundtrack, I firmly believe that the success of the franchises that these men wrote tracks for owe some of their success and lasting appeal to the music these men composed.
I believe it has gotten to the point where it becomes cool to hate women.
I believe that if women want to gain full equality and gender roles dropped, then they should gain an equal amount of responsibility.  
I understand that people lose the ability to make good decisions while drunk and I understand that men, biologically, are the more aggressive sex (with exceptions.)  
I understand it is absolutely not acceptable to have sex with a woman who is incapable of giving consent.  
Even after explaining that if I knew a girl was too drunk to consent, that I would never attempt to have sex with her
It just seems unfair to me that men are seen as potential rapists and women are seen as infallible and always have to watch their backs.
I think that male urinal etiquette is essentially silly.
The second time I actually had reason to think about the absurdities of male urinal etiquette was working for a University.
During those six months, I never spoke to him, despite the myriad opportunities I had to strike up conversation with him in the bathroom, simply because of male urinal etiquette.
I want to understand why male urinal etiquette is so strictly adhered to.
I feel like the only person on the planet that isn't afraid to strike up a conversation with a fellow man while handling my junk, and I firmly believe that I'm in the right here.
I do not believe that women have a right to receive birth control unless it's a health issue, and that it's not terribly difficult for them to obtain other insurance that covers it at their expense.
Making up new genders, like genderqueer, is pretty confusing to me.
My wife is pregnant and I've noticed that she has a higher awareness of other pregnant women.
We are both atheists, and hold no religious views whatsoever, however, I have always firmly held the belief that marriage is something that celebrates heterosexual partnership, and I would be extremely uncomfortable seeing men/women dancing/kissing people of the same sex at the wedding.
It amazes me that I'm talking about the US of A a country that has won World Wars, put men on the moon and was a champion of innovation on the world wide scale.
Regardless, day and night, it appeared the gender ratio was less favorable than, again, Chicago, where I found the women to be particularly friendly.
(Again, I am looking at cities from the point of view of a 29-year-old single heterosexual male)
As many have pointed out, throughout history that was not the point of marriage - point was to further the family line (and monogamy was mostly restricted to women anyway, how successfully I don't know) and divide labor.
I think if the woman was willing to offer it, it is acceptable.
and while I have casually thought about fooling around with other women as well as having sex with multiple guys at once I cannot shake the feeling that sex is a one on one activity.
While he has never shown any homophobic viewpoints in the past, I worry that sexual activity with another man may bring them out if he ends up feeling emasculated by the experience.
So instead I'll just get right on to my argument; The electronic evidence against this man such as his browsing history were given to the authorities by his internet service provider after the murder.
If it's wrong for a man to buy things expecting sex, then you should just have sex with me period even if I never spent a nickel on you.
I had to lay down the law, sometimes you have to do that with women.
He eventually saves her, shots the woman who is responsible for the decision, and lies to the girl saying that there were dozens of other immune people but they couldn't make a vaccine (to prevent survivor's guilt, I'm deducing).
Hi all, I'm 21 years old, male Indian.
I am actually rather disappointed that I am attracted exclusively to females, and have tried, with very little success, to broaden my interests.
Based on my research, I know that number is unfair, so I negotiate until I reach somewhere between 90K-110K. If the company doesn't agree to pay me what I believe to be the industry standard (and what a man would make in that position), I walk.
For what it's worth, I am a woman.
Also, despite the fact that I can empathize with folks who want us to "stop sticking our noses in other people's business" I can empathize far more and I think it's far more of a travesty that little girls are legally married to men who rape them to death, that homosexuals and atheists are hanged to death, and not in the quick tall drop neck snap kind of way but in the slow agonizing it takes 20 minutes to suffocate and die kind of way.
And lets talk somewhat philosophically here, though I know it's difficult, because I know that large governments are by and large greedy profit motivated entities that don't have the best interests of the world and humanity in mind and it's near impossible to factor out the presence of these entities in the real world dynamics of international politics - but, does the fact that many first world countries engage in unethical behavior really mean that no one should try to prevent other people from shooting little girls in the head because that little girl wants to go to school?
Personally, I'm trans, so I'm used to the idea of body modification, but for some reason, I can't seem to reconcile how tattoos fall under that umbrella.
I think prior to birth, the woman should face the decision knowing the man won't be forced to pay.
I think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.
I agree that men are often stronger, but this is only a generalisation.
I don't see the fact that men are often stronger as a good enough reason to exclude women who are well able to compete.
I believe this is racist since outright telling people of certain groups not to contact you means cultural differences are no longer a factor and skin color is the only measure the man/woman is using.
I would also like to add that I think not posting this publicly and still rejecting men/woman on the basis of being [insert racial/ethnic group here] is also racist.
I don't understand why the T is in LGBT - because trans people are often outcasts like other 'non-heteros' such as myself?
I'm not saying that there's anything bad about trans people, that they should be excluded from things like pride or segregated in any way.
I would like to preface this post with the statement that I am a man and also a feminist.
This society, I am concerned with is something like this: Women and men have equal access to wealth, education or if you'd like privilege generally.
I honestly don't see any biological advantage to being a man in this context whatsoever except perhaps that men can usually masturbate more easily.
I can see no structural reason for men to advocate feminism.
I often see criticisms of the use of burqas and other pieces of clothing meant to cover up Muslim women.
Disclaimer: I am not debating whether or not trans women are women.
Then again, my resume, if I had a proper one, would list me being a porn star, peepshow girl, cam girl, stripper.. and of course a published writer and manuscript editor.
I often hear people say stuff like "we shouldn't stoop to their level", or "we're better than that", or "let's be the bigger man here", when one nation is unjustly hostile to another, or doesn't behave unfairly.
To me it seems as if men have no safe spaces to talk to other men about things.
Here are some things that I viewed as traditionally viewed as safe spaces for men:
Anyway, the result of all of this is I think that men essentially have limited/no avenues for places to talk to other men, where as women have a plethora of places that they can go to.
I brought up that many women feel powerless and that drives them to use what they perceive to be their only tool - sex - to maintain some control over their lives.
; [I can't help but feel that "women using sex as a power tool" is way more of an "I want more sex but feel like I can't negotiate that" than women actually scheming,
Last year, I finally mustered up the courage to ask a girl from one of my classes if she wanted to hang out but she paused and said, "Do you realize you're an ugly faggot?"
I'm really lonely, but I don't want to bother/harass women by asking them out if they don't find me attractive.
I know that I shouldn't, but sometimes I really feel jealous of women for the validation they receive in the form of cat-calling and harassment.
But again, I know I shouldn't feel that way, because it seems like all women hate cat-calling.
My appearance is absolutely the thing I'm most insecure about, but I regularly see women who insist that they aren't attractive talk about getting catcalled.
A "hey sexy!" or "wanna fuck?" shouted by a random woman or man would make my day and probably make me feel happy for the whole week.
I think the underlying issue is that boys and girls are expected to fit certain roles, the emphasis on boys who are expected to be good at sports  etc.
I especially mind this because it is purely directed towards women, and many really do believe they are thought less of if they are noticed to be attractive - in combination to still having natural and social desire to be found attractive.
For example, I often hear some women complain how other wives do dishes, laundry, or other chores that their partners don't even if they (the wives) are ok and happy to do them.
I must of said it loudly (and for that I agree I am at fault, I should of kept just a talking volume), but we quickly had a middle age women run over and lecture us on the harm of " the F word".
I am just under the impression that a man's first love is his strongest love and every following love is a bit weaker each time.  
Meanwhile, I think that it’s outright insane to expect women to change their names when they marry.
I'm talking about sexual fantasies and sexual expectations (Asian women expected to be submissive, Latinas expected to be feisty, black women expected to be "animalistic")
I understand if people may be unhappy that there isn't enough in the American History Museum about minorities or women, but the way to solve that isn't to create a separate museum.
I'm still on the fence about allowing him (at least at this young age) around boys and men that behave overly aggressive, even in a playful manner, but I'm looking at it differently.
I often see people deriding others on Reddit for making a "not all feminists are like that" or "not all men are like that" etc., type of argument.
Even though I think the caste system is disgusting, there *is* a sort of caste system when it comes to whether or not a man deserves love/sex/affection.  
In fact, I'd argue that, even by wanting female affection, those people are being sexist and misogynist.
But I think that another way some men can make the world a better place for women is by realizing that they're not supposed to, or destined to, get love/sex/affection from women and by not wanting those things.
I have never really been interested in the whole man-made global warming issue.
I have read things that suggest that most scientists also think that global warming is happening and is caused by man, but I am not certain that that is actually the consensus.
She wasn't fearful or even intimidating, I get that Pete Travis was trying to show that women can be even more cruel and dominate than men by making the antagonist a female but it just didn't work.
If I'd met this guy before he died, I'm sure I would find him a pleasant man worthy of respect for the civilian life he's lived.
I understand that its deeply important to women to avoid unwanted pregnancies, but that doesn't justify extending the concept of "healthcare" to birth control.
One way to change my view would be to convince me that putting birth control on insurance policies would increase women's overall access to it.
Women are strong because we are not afraid to show subordination in order to keep things going" or "covering our hair is doing a service to them, it is how we acknowledge that they are weak creatures who, unlike us, simply can't control themselves when in lust and lust more after appearances") I bring up the verses that talk about death to infidels and apostates and they respond with the cherrypicked "you have your religion, I have my religion" and the anti-coercion verses.
It also justifies men doing bad bad things "I raped her because she deserved it because she wasn't in hijab!"
I'm not going to suggest that the Red Pill necessarily advocates rape or the mistreatment of women, but I *do* believe that it starts upon that road by having a central tenet of removing women's self-determination, justified through two arguments:
Rape is a type of physical assault, but I believe that the RP philosophy as described can lead to emotional abuse and general misogyny in personal and social realms, *both* of which I believe reduce a woman's autonomy and which are dangerous.
So while some women might enjoy it (and, given the nature of the projection of this model onto women while counting their voice as irrelevant, I'm not quite sure how you would tell if that were true rather than assumed to be true).  
I do not mean to blindly state that all religions are the same (for that statement could be taken in a number of ways and I don't have the knowledge or understanding to make such a claim in a precise or thoroughly substantiated matter), but I will say, that at a foundational level, the overall message (by this I mean the major spiritual teachings from the defining individuals of the respective major religions and NOT the man-made distortions and traditions associated with them) of the teachings is astonishingly similar.
The drunk guy went on with his night, I observed him the rest of the time we were there, and he did this to just about every woman at the bar or on the patio.
I am capable of both thinking that it's abhorrent that Roman Polanski drugged and sexually assaulted a young girl, and evaluating pieces of art he has produced on their own merits, regardless of his actions in his broader life.
If a man commits a crime, goes to prison for it, and while in prison, writes an incredible book or produces an amazing painting despite, should I not enjoy that work simply because of his crimes?
I'm a really young male (19) but I am seriously considering having a rhinoplasty, chin , jaw and cheek augmentation.
I think that once I get the procedures done I will become dramatically more attractive/handsome more girls will check me and that would boost my confidence to approach them, or even make them approach me.
I also believe that having a really attractive face(and a strong body which I'm gonna build) will help me get into male modeling, something that is really interesting and gives you the opportunity to meet new people and travel more.
I'm not saying I wouldn't respect someone's "put the goddamn seat down" rule, but if I have to lift the lid up when I pee, girls should have to touch and move the seat just as much as I do.
I hold this belief because every time I am over at any house where there are one or more females there, it seems to be a huge fucking problem if I leave the toilet seat up instead of putting it back down into a closed or pooping position.
If I had to pick the seat up and put it in that position so I could use the toilet, its only equal that girls should have to put it back down so they can pee.
I know this board is not really meant for my post, but can someone try to explain to me where the hell these girls are coming from and otherwise prove me wrong
Ironically, I would bet that the men of the 50s would agree with the feminists of today on that point of view.
I just recognize that these are things that the majority of women are more attracted to sexually, and I accept it.
I would expect women to do the same.
I certainly don't call for women to change what they are attracted to (and what marketers know they are attracted to) because my self esteem rides solely on sexual attention I get from the opposite gender.
After the recent KFC scam, [(link for the lazy)](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/06/24/report-viral-story-of-disfigured-girl-kicked-out-of-kfc-was-hoax/) I've done some poking around the internet to see what kind of sentences are generally associated with such scams.
However, I think there are issues of inequality for both men and women (easy example: the draft), and so, it makes sense for there to be groups addressing both sets of issues.
I believe ideologies limit ones ability to take in information, as that information must first pass through their ideological filter (for example certain feminists are unable to accept women rape children almost as much as men do, Pacifists are unable to accept that sometimes the only solution to a act of violence is eliminating the person committing the violence and that some people cannot be reached by reason.).
It is different in my opinion between saying "I do not like harming others and would not do so in almost all circumstances" and "I am a pacifist", or "I believe woman are equal human beings and should be treated as such by society and law" and "I am a feminist".
I am coming from the point of view of a male Graphic Designer who has been in the industry about 5 years.
I am constantly seeing figures in the news and on blogs that there are less than 1% of women in the tech industry and how alarmingly wrong that is.
Now what I also see is tons of opportunities and incentives for women to be a part of these industries, whether that comes from college scholarships or other programs to encourage the young women of today to be a part of the industry.
I think that if these women were interested in the subject matter they would get involved and the ones who are interested DO get involved, they just happen to be the minority.
We don't offer men scholarships to go to fashion school and there are no media reports telling me how terribly sexist the fashion and garment creation industry is for not hiring more men.
but I wanted to pick something that was a little more cut and dry female dominated.
I don't think that there is anything wrong with women being a part of the tech industry nor do I think that lack of women in the industry is alarming.
Just as I don't think there is anything wrong with men being a part of the fashion industry nor do I think we should be alarmed by the lack of men in it either.
I have the utmost respect for them but don't feel like they have any troubles with male domination in their fields, albeit not being the subject at hand.
I put the caveat of 'men who are weaker than you' since the arguement i usually see is that it's worse because women are physically weaker than men.
i can't change the title now, but i should have put 'women who are weaker than you' to make it symmetrical, but oh well.
I'm sitting here watching highlights of Andy Murray winning Wimbledon last year, and it strikes me that the pinnacle of tennis is the men's tournament, simply because elite male tennis players would consistently beat elite female tennis players.
I appreciate and respect that as athletes, both men and women put in the same effort and that the extra prize money (particularly at the bottom end of the professional rankings), makes a massive difference.
What I mean by this, is that most of these women will not give a guy a chance if you don't pass their extremely high bar of physical attractiveness standard, even if they themselves are only average on the bell curve of attractiveness.
The way that there are so many websites/communities sole dedicated to how to pick up women, which leads me to the conclusion that lots of men have trouble attracting women.
From 16 to mid thirties, I have no seen the dating behavior of women "mature" or change in any way.
I purposely don't go to gyms with separate areas unless they have a men-only workout area as well.
I feel that perpetuating the idea that men and women need to have two separate workout areas is harmful because you're treating your paying customers unequally.
I feel like I'm getting less for the same cost of membership just because I'm a man.~~
I'm a 17 year old non-sexually-active girl.
I have been intensely fascinated and sometimes envious of the other sex since childhood, and I believe this is what is causing me to believe this, especially considering my preconceptions about women in general, where I essentially praise them (I have a post on this on /r/askGSM), added with the fact that these women like each other gives me the impression that men are worthless.
The totality of several posts convinced me that women only events maybe needed *for now* as a kind of a remedial measure for countering many years of men dominance in chess and the fact that currently women are underrepresented in chess.
I get that they were trying to go for that strong female character, like Toph.
Then I met the girl who would be the eventual cause of this post.
I think it's a pretty universally accepted stereotype that men try to work through problems logically and solve them, whereas women prefer to address and share their emotional responses to problems.
I believe the typical male approach is objectively superior because by addressing the underlying issue, the source of the negative emotions is eliminated.
In addition, I tend to notice the stereotypical male responses in 'good life advice' and the stereotypical female responses in 'behaviour to avoid'.
However, I find issue with the notion that there is a correlation between Homosexuality and prior Abuse as a child/lack of a male role model/overbearing mother, etc., which is the mantra repeated by certain groups within the Roman Catholic Church.
EDIT: To elaborate on my exact views, I believe that the woman in this case should be charged with some type of dangerous driving charge and that drunk driving should be punished more severely, as it is an easily preventable decision that has a greatly increased chance of killing or injuring someone (to the point that I'd argue that getting behind the wheel while drunk is akin to considering killing people).
I told myself that I had "crushes" on several girls throughout elementary school, I acted really strangely around them, I told people that I had these crushes, the whole shebang.
But then puberty hit, and as I turned out to be gay, all of these crushes I thought I had on girls ended up not being genuine.
So it truly does irk me that people say that they "had their first crush in third grade" or when Google makes an advertisement for their new tablet involving an 11 year old wanting to "ask out a girl".
I do not know whether this particular man is guilty, nor his current political beliefs.
I will try to explain the few crucial points that led me to this point - my initial view was that woman should decide on whether or not to have an abortion and the man should be able to decide on whether or not to have anything to do with the kid (to the extent of being free of paying child support if the woman is aware of his pov in time to abort.)
I also want to mainly focus on the moral aspect of the situation right now rather than the legal one, so my focus is more - is a man who is convincing a woman to abort a jerk?
In fact I think the men and women who upon accident believe they can force any obligation upon their partner and change the plan are morally wrong.
In case where the man thinks his wish to keep a child should be enough for the woman who doesn't want it to spend 9 months as a human incubator, do i need to explain the unfairness?
In case where the woman wants to keep the child, I think it is psychologically damaging to the man who was open about not wanting one to have this forced on him.
If you see it as something immoral I believe you have the obligation to inform your partner before sex that in the case of the accident you will be keeping the child, or if you are a man, to explain that if you are not on the same page about this you should not have sex.
I don't think that body autonomy issue is relevant here in a woman's case.
To make this legal or practical is impossible since I can't really imagine women being forced to abort (although I think if they are ethical they would do it themselves.)
Finally to avoid confusions about where I am coming from - I am female, don't want children and am extremely careful to the point of paranoia when it comes to that (and don't think all people should be expected to be equally safe as me because frankly it is a pretty damaging way to live, but that is not the point now), and I probably wouldn't exist if my mother acted in the way I support here.
I am not sick, and I have felt this way since I was a kid and I saw the boy in E.T.(I'm also bi/gay if that makes any difference).
However, here's what I think: Even when women dress in tight-fitting or revealing clothing "just to feel confident" or "just because they like it," there's more going on behind the scenes.  
I therefore assert that much of what women wear "to feel good about themselves" was intentionally designed to attract the male gaze and evoke sexual feelings in men.
I further think that women do, or should, know this when they buy/wear the clothing.
So while I don't think a woman is responsible for a man's *actions,* I think the current mainstream viewpoint goes too far in the other direction-- asserting that only the male is responsible for his feelings of sexual attraction, or for noticing that a woman is dressed in a revealing way.
On the other hand, I don't think it's fair to criticize a man for surreptitious glances or even lingering looks that they think aren't being noticed, if they aren't crossing a line of clear disrespect.
I think women should be aware of and accept that sexually suggestive clothing will attract sexual attention.
By the way, yes, I feel the same is true for men's clothing, I just think social factors make this argument not as big of a deal-- eg men aren't harassed as often and don't deal with the same level of unwanted attention.
I think these miss the mark in two ways-- one, because I'm not talking about rape here, I don't care if he was naked, rape is awful and only the rapist (and sure, maybe social/cultural factors too to a lesser degree) is responsible for it-- but two, because no women are actually thinking that the guy's clothing is sexually suggestive.
To start off, I am a black woman and I grew up poor.
I at least enjoyed the other bad X-men films even if they fucked up the cannon a bit but this one was unenjoyable and fucked up the cannon worse than any film before it.
I think all women have their price for sex.
I think the only exception might be women that does not have any interest in men, like lesbians or asexuals.
Another famous video ([here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8dMmpC7cH8)) shows a ball boy jumping on the ball and covering it with his body (I'm assuming he did this in order to attempt to waste time for the other team, helping his team out), and a player kicked him in order to get the ball out from underneath him.
It started when I posted an ad on craigslist looking for sexual encounters, and she responded asking if I would have a threesome with her and another man, so I knew from the beginning she had been cheating.
I've faced parents who disapproved a girl I was dating, and have faced disapproval from the parents of a girl I was romantically involved with, simply because her sister didn't like me and to this day I have no idea why.
I know of a couple men and women who are cheating on their SOs but I will not interfere because I don't know both parties well.
*("I now pronounce you man and wife."
If any, I found [this TED talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/christopher_ryan_are_we_designed_to_be_sexual_omnivores) from a guy who claims, to sum it up quickly, that humans used sex as a bonding tool and there was no sexual jealousy before, and that only with the invention of agriculture we started to treat women as property and forced monogamy to ensure that our kids would be in fact our kids.
So it seems to me that men invented sexual jealousy to be sure who your kids are, and since then we've hung on to this manmade "principle".
I am an Asian male here in America and honestly I have it pretty good, but for every Asian American like me, I'm sure there's some out there who are treated like shit on the daily merely on the basis of their race and the various stereotypes that come with them.
For a long time I did not understand why Vegans were against eating eggs, but eventually I learned that the reason for this is because the chicken egg industry kills male chickens en masse because they only need a few of them in order to keep producing more chickens.
I am a male 17 year old.
I LOVE female characters, especially kick-ass ones both in games and other media.
Now I am in no way intending to belittle anyones contributions through history, nor are there not exceptions to the rule, but in history 99.9%+ of the people going around clubbing --&gt; stabbing --&gt; shooting --&gt; bombing --&gt; fighter piloting have been men.
So when so many games are WWII, modern warfare, future war (less so) I dont find it all suprising nor even particularly WRONG that the characters are all men.
Nor do I think it is particularly damning that most adventure games, which typically involve running around hacking people to death with swords (Assassin's Creed, The Witcher, God of War) have men doing it.
Its been the way humans have operated through most of history (again with exceptions to prove the rule), and I dont think it is particularly shameful that a game developer decides to have the main characters be men.
With so many games involved in meating out death and murder which historically has vastly skewed toward one sex over another, and a large number of games involving sports, I think people who see few reletively few females in videogames and decide that is maliciously "inappropriate", are missing the bigger picture why there are fewer women than men and why that isnt malicious at all.
I believe that a natural non-sexist gap in male vs female character prevalence should thus not be surprising (or necessarily bad) to anyone**.
Ive approached 4 girls Ive liked so far and been rejected every time so my record is 100% rejection.
I've approached 4 girls in my life, all 4 have resulted in rejection.
Even if there is a girl somewhere out there that is interested in me, the chances of her being single and within age range dwindles it down to close to 100% rejection
So anytime I see an attractive girl walking around college I remember this 100% rejection rate and stay far far away
I've just finished my upper secondary school education and have noticed throughout the last 3 years that there are very few girls/women among the top performers.
I believe that less than 50% of men are strong enough to resist this.
For this reason, i believe that women such as Tiger Woods ex-wife were being delusional when they married with the expectation of no infidelity.
I believe, in the family, a woman should look after the home and nurture the children, whilst the man earns a wage for his family.
I think a woman (my future spouse, at least) needs her own time whilst sufficiently bringing up her children, and one of the above will be compromised if she does take work.
HOWEVER: if the woman wants to work, of course she can, and I would be happy, but she doesn't have to.
Women deserve all the rest and leisure they need, especially after carrying children, and being committed to any kind of formal employment is unfair, I would not entertain it (unless, as stated, they want to).
I write legal charges all day long and female breasts are legally protected as genitalia.
Let me show you what I mean: if I grab a woman by the arm, the crime is Assault, but if I grab a woman's breast, it's Sexual Assault by Contact.
Here's the problem: as a man, if I expose my genitalia in public then I've committed a crime.
The kind of systematic, sexist, rape cultured, patriarchal society that a lot of feminists talk about simply does not exist, in my opinion, in western countries, I feel like these people go around looking for something to be offended by, pick up on the actions of a few individuals and then extrapolate that to include every man ever.
I've noticed that there seems to be a lot of people that are pro-women being able to go topless in the streets.
The big thing that bothers me is that women's nipples are sexualized, unlike men's, when it comes to the average person's view on sex.
I believe that a woman will never be able to go topless without causing a stir unless women's boobs, and more importantly, their nipples are no longer considered objects of sex*.
I'm not objectifying women, I'm stating that the body part in question plays a role during sex, like a man's penis.
I finally got to mid career level management as a woman in my 30s.
Women who are attractive get tons of preferential treatment, there's no doubt about that, but I believe it extends to men too and is the single most important factor in determining how people treat you at first.
Anyone I have ever talked with that holds any kind of view regarding feminism, mens rights, gay rights, trans rights ect always comes off as the bad guy to me, they always try and paint what ever person they perceive to be victimized by in the absolute worst possible light and attempt to make their individuality/cause shine as bright as possible.
I believe there should be a form of legal documentation, within the first ~24 weeks of pregnancy, that would absolve a man of any legal or financial responsibility to the child assuming that the female party is in full understanding of his decision.
Being that there 600,000 men, I think we can safely assume there were over a million people gathered.
I'm wholly indifferent to the Assassin's Creed games, but apparently this game features 4 person local multiplayer and only includes a slate of male characters.
If you actually believe 1, 2, and 3 above, then there might be a GOLDEN MARKET OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU and you should invest your ranting energy into developing for this female gamer market (it's also overwhelmingly likely that this is, in fact, already being done and I'm just not particularly aware of it).
I think men are superior physically(you can try to change my view on this too) even considering such factors(that I am aware of).
1. Convince me that women are superior mentally to men.
2. Convince me that women are equal or greater physically to men.
3. Convince me that there are other factors(the mental/physical) that make people people and women are superior in that/those field(s).
And might I add that I do not think men and women should be socially unequal.
Why then are there some places (Charlotte-Douglass International Airport, I'm looking at you) that insist on putting a vested man in a bathroom with a tray of mints and a tip jar?
Who thinks "Man, shitting in public owns, but it would be more awesome if some schlub was getting paid to listen to me shit.
Myself and the other women I know go through time consuming or painful ways of removing their body hair even when they're single.
It causes a lot of discomfort (ingrown hairs, scarring, the pain of removal) but I have never met a man who cared about me being hairless.
My current situation is I'm a 22 year old male and still am a kissless, foreveralone virgin.
From around 17 years of age, I've been put into nearly all-male schools.
And because of my parents retarded choices and later my even more stupider choices, I feel like I stripped myself of any chance to get into a relationship because my entire life I've had social circles that consisted of all males, friends who were either completely nerds or who had zero female acquantances/friends.
I've actually never in my LIFE had a single female "friend" either and I highly doubt this is my fault.
I just literally meet zero females a yeare due to poor fucking life choices.
In addition to all of this due to all this negativity and what I perceive and think as lack of opportunity, I somehow developed a worldview where I can't imagine how a female who already has several dozens of guys in her immediate social circle would ever go for a guy who is a stranger to her.
I actually took dance classes (salsa) for 2 years just so I could meet women, and I found that since we only meet once a week (hardly can be considered immediate social circle) none of them were even remotely interested.
I am 16, female, and a virgin if that's important.
I am not a religious man, so I don't feel this is a biased CMV.
However, I do NOT believe that the lack of female CEOs is an indicator of gender inequality.
I am a 27 year old male and I have never flossed in my entire life.
* I guess we as a society would lose some things like women decorating themselves, or the social aspect of mani-pedis (I assume, I don't know), but I think we'd be better off hanging out in other ways, and if people ( I shouldn't operate under the wrong assumption that only women paint their nails) didn't have nails, then we wouldn't miss painting them.
I think my title is pretty clear, so I'll fill my character requirement with a quote from Karen Straughan about male disposability, *"Male disposability has been around since the dawn of time, and it’s based on one very very straightforward dynamic: when it comes to the well-being of others, women come first, men come last.
not-so-ninja :EDIT: Sorry guys, to clarify I am not saying that male disposability is a morally appropriate practice, I am arguing that male disposability is indeed a thing that exists.
So when I say 'reject male disposability' I am saying that I don't understand how any rational person could claim that male disposability doesn't exist.
As much as I must admit my animosity towards those that would decry science as being an endeavour tarnished by the fact that it's largely conducted by white males, and other post-colonial, postmodernist critiques (not to mention the butchering of Thomas Kuhn's work), I must also confess my dismay with my STEM colleagues who snarl with contempt at the valuable and enlightening studies of (analytic) philosophy, cognitive psychology, sociology (so long as it isn't some extreme structuralist nonsense) etc.
All claims I've ever seen that "more or less of X is caused by man!" are easily debunked with even a tiny bit of research.
I'm just trying to respond as much as I can quickly and succinctly while being a busy dad, husband and career man
I can't make a female character in Madden, not can I make a black character in animal crossing, why did this become such a hot topic?
I am a 20 year old male who has mainly female friends, I like to discuss emotional topics and, being an artist myself, I have a very romantical view on the world, with that said I reflect myself more in conversation with females in general.
This does not mean I don't have male friends.
The root of this problem lies in the fact that almost every woman see me as a threat of some sort, as a creep and, to be honest, I can understand why - it is in fact true that most men are obsessed with having sex and can easily ignore a woman's true value - what I do NOT subscribe to, however, is the idea that we must encourage and perpetuate this idea through memes, TV shows and general pop culture.
To make my point I'll admit that, as any man, I find most women attractive, and to say that I can completely ignore that is a lie, but it is also true that for me thats stage 1 of knowing someone and - just as I wouldn't keep myself from comunicating with an ugly
I don't even see this as a "women have things men don't have" or vice-versa, I see it more as "this particular PERSON" has been kind to me, makes me feel good, can share valuable life - day-to-day - ideas with me and I want to befriend her/him because I value her/him.
One friend is generally negative - when talking about a girl who's interested in me he says "You can't do much better."
By **slut-shaming**, I mean more generally the view that promiscuity is undesirable in women, while desirable in men.
I think it is an unfortunate reality that this view will always be present, at least to some extent, because of purely evolutionary-biological reasons: **Men have a biological drive to have sex with as many women as possible, while women have a biological drive to acquire a stable partner.
Well, because of the biological pressures I just described, males are intrinsically more desirous of multiple sexual partners, with less concern for the quality of each one.
I think the answer lies in the simple fact that it is a lot easier to be a slut if you are female.
But I've found that in general, what they argue is their problem, and what I say is the problem the general socially-awkward, old, virgin men have is not their lacks of looks, money or hygiene, but the fact that they failed to socialize early on in life.
Now, none of these things make her a bad person (I'm sure the wives of the married men she slept with would disagree with that statement) but she should in no way be considered a role model to women.
I believe a certain woman a bitch doesn't necessarily reflect a negative attitude towards women in general.  
Can someone explain to me why the word "bitch" can be offensive to women as a group?  
I think women watch these sappy romantic movies for the same reasons.
I explained boats were man-made, and she told me logs were too (they're cut down trees).
To me there is nothing more trashy than a giant piercing through a woman's nose,  and a full sleeve.
I have female friends who have artistic designs on their shoulders and arms,  and others have  cartoon characters.  
I feel like maybe I'm just not appreciating them perhaps,  or maybe there just not doing it for me,  but I think in general men and women look really bad with excessive tattoos,  and it makes it worse by taking away from women's femininity.
Edit: I think some things need to be stressed here,  I'm open to being proven wrong,  but so far all I've seen is the argument that it's just like my opinion man,  how I want to control what women do,  and how women should be allowed freedom of speech.  
I never said women should have the right to get a tattoo taken away, I just said I believe it takes away from their femininity.
Naturally women with tattoos are going to debate that,  I was hoping for something like that but instead I got a bunch of white knighting and pissed off women that took my meaning as to they shouldn't be allowed to do something.  
Women are always saying that they should not be treated like sexual objects yet they constantly dressing in a way that makes men (or maybe just me) see them as objects.
The problem lies with me and I see women as nothing more than sex objects.
Maybe I should have changed the title 'CMV: I think women are only good for sex'.
I am a straight man who identifies as a male feminist, so in all my relationships with women, I always am respectful and try to distance myself from misogynistic men who are insensitive towards women.  
I believe that the bro mentality is very misogynistic and treats women as nothing more than trophies to display or tally marks for girls one has had sex with.  
This is a mentality that I believe is most fair towards women because it respects them as human beings, but also does not put them on too high of a pedestal.  
I have the utmost support for homosexuals, transgender people, ect.
With all efforts to educate myself on topics such as Obamacare, transgender, along with other major social topics in the US, there was always someone to "put me in my place" because of how much I offended them.  
I fail to see how using the word bitch equates to promoting rape culture, how not understanding (although asking questions and trying to learn) what its like to be someone who is transgender makes makes ignorant and arrogant, and how if I don't agree 110% with what Obama says and does that I am racist and hate poor people.  
As always there's a couple threads about gender issues floating around and I saw a particular comment in which someone felt that it was rape if a woman was "blackout drunk" and a man has sex with her.
Hell, I once saw a girl who was blackout drunk sit down at the top of some stairs at a party and start masturbating until someone came to give her the attention she was looking for.
Not sure if this applies to men as well as women, but I feel like beautiful people have it a lot easier than non-beautiful people.
I argue that: why can't women wear decent clothing, girls were not born to dress in revealing clothing, just as men were not born to be perverts, not to mention, that it's a private school (to my knowledge) they make their campus rules, if you don't like it, take a hike.
Men such as I, don't have half the balls to make a pass at a woman, let alone the balls to ask a woman on a date.
It was not unusual to see, on Reddit, highly upvoted posts and threads that said "As a woman, I am now terrified for my safety after hearing about the shooting."
I do not believe it's reasonable for women to be afraid that after the Rodgers shooting, men everywhere will be loading their guns and going out to hunt females down.
I think you forgo caring about what other people think of you when you put a flayed man on your banners.   
Essentially I disagree with the idea that because the vast majority of rapists are male, that all men are potential rapists and should be treated as such.
BTW I totally disagree with this idea, which is why I have a hard time wrapping my head around the idea that all men should be treated as potential rapists.
I am a scientific (have a master's in biomedical engineering), spiritual ( i am a hindi cum buddhist from Nepal), young male with family.
This kind of funny to me cause it reminds me of, Kanye West saying, "Have you ever asked your woman for other bitches..".  
Every time I see a woman protesting without wearing any clothes, and holding a sign that says something along the lines of "I'm still not *asking* for it" is arguing against an argument that is not being mode.
I have never encountered a rational individual who thinks that any woman ever did anything to deserve to be raped, but I firmly believe that women shouldn't wear tube tops and booty shorts to a rave and then walk back to their car at 3 in the morning through a park.
I believe that women who are concerned about the prospect of being raped should be more cautious about the decisions they make, yet somehow that makes me an idiot or an asshole, though I've never seen a valid reason as to why.
YES, I am aware that the majority of rapes do not occur to women that are scantily clad.
I liked Archer in the beginning because, while he was a complete asshole, I understood that he was a broken, troubled man taking out his frustrations on everyone else.
I do, however, understand my American, "puritanical" society and see no compatibility between our values and female toplessness.
I feel like many of the movements that are attempting to put forth female nudity do so with an "oh yeah, that's natural" or an "isn't it normal" approach that very simply contradicts our actual behavior.
While I accept and believe that women should be treated equally in the workplace, in friendships, and day-to-day life, anatomical differences are definitive differences that distinguish men from women and, thus, have to be treated differently.
*If I have to wear a shirt as a girl, then why do fat men/men with manboobs not have to?*
Until this point, I have assumed that if female nudity was to be permitted, it would be done in a way that it would be societally rude to stare, that you would still keep your eyes looking at faces and that it would be taboo to look at boobs.
I feel that relieving the female nudity taboo would also relieve the notion that boobs are boobs and should be "treasured" (as creepy as that sounds) while also increasing the amount of sexual assault that occurs, opening pandora's box of vices.
While I suppose female nudity could normalize non-ideal boobs, the lack of guarantee on top of the other risks is a bit unsettling.
In summary, I don't think that female nudity would bring equality due to the anatomical differences that separate us and the social stigma that has risen from that difference, I don't see how we could sexualize boobs in private while thinking nothing of them in public, and I can only see potential dangers in integrating such a foreign concept to a pretty strict society.
Let us as people reach a common ground and agree that for a relationship to form there must be some sort of attraction or different aspects of attraction, for me it is personality and weight, for others could be intelligence and hair color, many of my friends who are girls will say chin structure and eyes etc.
Now to preface the time this occurred, at lunch I was sitting at a table mixture of boys and girls and we as a group were collectively talking about attractiveness, I said that I don't think I could ever date an insanely fat girl even if she and I had great chemistry.
Now I acknowledge that this is a semi-prick thing to say as it is excluding fat girls from being able to possibly date me, weather this exclusion is good or bad for them is for their own decision.
Her point was using how a girl looks to decide if I would date them is wrong since it imposes a belief that they aren't worthy of it, while I acknowledged the point by saying that maybe it could be interpreted that way the same could be said when a girl wants to date a 6 foot built person with blues eyes, it is excluding all the people who aren't that.
She immediately left calling me a patriarchal asshole and said my view was suppressing not only women but people in general by creating a theoretical division of pretty or not.
Why is it viewed as bad when I decide that if a girl who looks like X before I am in a relationship with her for time, probably won't and doesn't attract me .
I've known women who were comic groupies (yes, they exist, I was surprised as anyone) and he's not wrong in his initial statement that it should be near impossible for any halfway decent comic who regularly performs to avoid getting laid.
&gt; The fact that he brings up women not wanting to be his first leads me to believe that he's his own worst enemy.  
I don't have a specific number) whereas women will generally have around the same amount, higher than the average for the beta males, but lower than the average for the alphas.
I can understand the fear of being raped at night, but not really when women complain about men checking them out.
Coupled with the repeated sexual harassment by nearly every male character in the show, I find no reason not to find that the show is actually sexist and is actively furthering sexist views.
Girls are generally less open about this stuff, but I don't think there is that much of difference.
I'm not saying that every boy/girl want to have sex with every other boy/girl, but that there are people bellow age of consent who would greatly enjoy having sex, even with someone much older than they are.
I for, example, absolutely not attracted by boys of my age, but love strong and mature grown-up guys.
I would love to be able to have sex dressed as girl before hormones make me masculine, but my government knows better.
It makes no sense to me that women are more afraid of violent crime than men, and furthermore, that feminists, who are supposedly trying to make women's lives better, encourage this irrational belief.
That makes negative sense to me, and has caused me to self-identify as an anti-feminist, because the overwhelming majority of feminist thought I encounter is of the form "women should hold this harmful irrational belief" or "men are evil" or "no man has ever suffered".
against the actual existing-in-the-real-world thing called "feminism" (as opposed to the "women should have the same rights as men, including the right to walk around without fear" definition of feminism, which I am enthusiastically in favor of, and which seems diametrically opposed to feminism-in-practice).
I don't think the trans struggle is on the same level as that of homosexuals and racial minorities.
I feel like my lack of sympathy stems from the "I feel like I should have been male/female" argument.  
I think this is the best reply in the discussion and has changed my view because I realize I was misinformed about the basic definition of gender, and about the amount of discrimination levied against trans people.
I'm sure most of its fun and games, because in America white people make fun of other white people and other races all the time (archer, trailer park boys, reno 911, etc.)
But recently to my disbelief I met a man from London who believed she was a great leader.
I cannot stand this woman and how anyone can infuriates me.
What's to stop me, a on-muslim male, adopting this style of dress for nefarious purposes?
For example, when I am walking by a Victoria's Secret store and see a huge picure of Candice Swanepoel, I don't imagine or expect all women to look like that.
These are my 3 rules, and I believe regardless if you are gay, straight, black, white, male, female, dinosaur or whatever else that if you live by these 3 rules your OK in my book.
I believe that violence towards women is a massive issue in the world, especially the culture that surrounds it in the US.
However, the fact that many of the tweets deal with the fact that women get to assume that a man is going to harass them because men so frequently harass them, I believe that this hashtag is little more than stereotyping hiding behind statistics, and weak ones at that.
I will do everything I can to try and decrease the issue of violence towards women, but I do not see why it should be ok to automatically assume something about a person just by seeing them on the street.
So Reddit, Change my view; am I misunderstanding the movement, is there some other aspect besides being a man that we're talking about, or is it just so large an issue that the general consensus is that we should all allow this assumption until the central issue is resolved?
The thing that I find hard, is that I know that pointing that out, gets you immediately labelled a misogynist; when as I've tried to say many times, I find the PUA/MRM movement to be every bit as sick and removed from healthy male/female interaction as feminism itself.  
Although you'll no doubt immediately rush to my comment history after reading this, and find posts which cause you to think otherwise, as a man, I honestly ***want*** to like you.  
I grew up with it; and believe me when I say that it can be just as fucked up (if for different reasons) when you're a guy who is expected to continue imposing the whole sick routine on women, as it can be for women who are the victims of said routine.
I completely endorse women getting all of those things; in fact truthfully I've never understood why you didn't have those to begin with.  
Assuming that some of you do agree with said manifesto though, isn't it suicidal for me to support the cause of a group of women who apparently want me, as a male, to cease to exist entirely?  
I ask this because I know that it is considered politically correct for men to support feminism these days; even though, again, at this point, I'm having a hard time understanding how it is in our own best interests to do so.
As a man myself, I don't want male dominance; although truthfully I don't want female dominance, either.  
I think their world is sick, and I don't want it; and I also don't want a woman who herself wants what they do; who wants to be treated like a child or an animal.
Coming from an actual, real life homosexual, I think that Todd Packer could never be 100% straight, and that if someone got him either drunk enough or in the right mood, he would happily consent to having intercourse with another male.
There was one post on this topic which I found by searching, but it was unfortunately flavored by the OP expressing a desire to present transgender people from even **identifying** as their gender.
For full-disclosure, I am a transgender woman who plays the team sport of Ultimate Frisbee.  
I have been on HRT for over a year, and meet the policy laid down by the sport's governing body (Transgender women are eligible to compete with their gender after 1 year of HRT).
I don't necessarily think that this means that it is unfair for me to compete, because I think that the average difference in upper body strength between men and women is much larger than the average difference in quickness and agility.
On the other hand, I find that my top speed has decreased similarly in line with my quickness and agility, but in my experience, I am faster than a larger percentage of women than I was compared to most men.  
(If I was in the 80 percentile compared to male frisbee players, I am easily in the 95 percentile as a female frisbee player.  
Above that, I think that there are cultural/societal reasons that Trans women have advantages.  
Given that I was raised and treated as a male growing up, I was disproportionately encouraged to partake in sports.  
I think that my female peers have managed to succeed in sports somewhat in spite of the cultural and societal forces against them, while my experiences in my upbringing were the exact opposite.
I worry that I'm throwing my transgender peers under the bus.  
My transgender roommate plays hockey, and I don't think she should have to play against men; in hockey, to me, it seems that strength and mass are huge parts of one's ability to play.  
I think depending on what you want out of life, there are key advantages to being either a man or a woman.
That being said I think if you counted it up, feminism is *slightly* more correct(but given historical and geographical perspective, i would rather be a woman in modern western society than be a woman any where else in history or in the modern world.
I don't want to hear about prison, murder, rape, or other statistics about how one gender faces a higher risk (these follow a similar line: I would rather be a man in modern western society than any other place or time now or in history).
I'm talking about male physical strength being an advantage, about female purchasing power.. etc.
I think if you are a "macho", stereotypical manly man, who doesn't like expressing feelings and loves sports, or if you are an attractive woman, who takes stares, or rude comments in a more positive "flattering" way, who wants to become a trophy wife ( I know a college student much like this, who has no complaints about the sexual misconduct done to her, and claims that she wants an "mrs" degree, and spends more time attempting to "become more domestic" than pursuing her future career) you benefit from the patriarchy, but men who don't conform to our stereotype of masculinity, and women who want to make their own way are both oppressed in many ways by the patriarchy.
What I'm trying to say is that feminism and mens activism are two sides of the same coin, and making it an "us vs them" is exactly what the patriarchy "wants" in order to hold it's position.
What I found is that the Men's Rights Movement is an unfocused movement that seeks to get rid of all differences in boys and girls toys, have men being about to come into work in drag without fear of reprisal, and many other totally niche issues.
I'm all for feminism, do recognize that women face daily challenges men don't, and that there is a definitive misogyny in our culture, but taking a shooting that happened because of someone's mental health and spinning it for your own cause is unneeded and hurtful to the original problem.
With those facts in-hand, I can't see a good reason why we shouldn't require that males in the US undergo a [RISUG](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reversible_inhibition_of_sperm_under_guidance) at the age of 13 as a part of their physical exam, giving them an injection of polymers into their vas deferens that causes them to become reversibly infertile for 10 years.
I've seen this view expressed over and over again - the idea that suggesting to not walk alone at night, carry mace, mind your surroundings, etc. is somehow "victim blaming" and that we should instead be "teaching rapists not to rape" or worse "teaching men not to rape."
I'll get this out of the way first - I am a man.
I don't mind this when used in connection to women's rights - that's what it's for, right?
And I certainly support women's rights, I just don't like the term because it seems to erase the fact that inequality is constant, from both sides.
* I have also been faced with discrimination from so-called "feminists" simply for being a man.
I understand perfectly that these people are NOT examples of the movement as a whole, but they are prevalent enough that I don't want to use the same word to describe myself as the word they use to excuse their hatred for men (which is the definition of misandry, though they claim that doesn't exist).
I have also been discriminated against for not only being a man, but daring to believe in equality.
* I understand that the term "humanist" was claimed by another movement which did not allow women to join.
Yet, if I were to call myself an egalitarian, I would be met with cries of such things as "you're ignoring women's issues", etc.
I think we should solve all issues of equality, but there are priorities that need to be followed, and I think women's rights are the priority right now.
It is similar for some male rape victims, though I have heard from a few actual victims that in recent years this has been getting much better.
(As a side note, one that I've seen getting thrown around is the higher suicide rate among men...
* The phrase "not all men" has been misused by assholes to distract from real issues, but I don't understand why people don't seem to realize that it's true.
"I have a dream, that one day, a man shall not be called a Nigger based on the color of his skin, but on the content of his character"
i don't understand why the whole group of military men &amp; women deserve such a high level of respect as a group, no matter what.
Backstory: there's women that have been in my life over the past few years that have accused me of being a misogynist for a variety of reasons.
* Let's just start by saying I absolutely despise the mother of my child as it seems to be a frequent reason I'm interpreted as a "woman hater."
It would be false to say that I haven't let my experiences with her have an affect on me, but it would also be false to say that because I hate her I must hate all women.
This generally only applies to women who I'm considering a relationship with.
However, I don't have a problem being friends with women or associating with them because how much do you *really* need to be able to trust a friend or associate?
For that matter, I don't really try to get into relationships with men
maybe I would distrust men in the same way?
* I have put my hands on a woman once.
On no other occasion have I hurt a woman.
Again, I'd think the fact that I don't see women as objects to be controlled is a pretty clear indication that I'm *not* a misogynist.
* I'm respectful as fuck to women, especially compared to how I interact with other men.
I'm more than willing to honestly answer any questions if more clarification is needed, and if I get no responses I'm going to be sure to use an empty thread as a reference the next time one of my female affiliates decides to call me a misogynist.
I had never considered the fact that misogyny was anything beyond *hating* women given the context in which it's typically used.
I don't honestly know if I'll ever be able to "lift the veil" any faster with women than I can with men, but I'll work on it.
More and more I see girls of all ages wearing these shorts.
Its become so prevalent to see booty shorts on wherever you go, I feel it is expected of girls to wear these clothes.
They're far too many times I have seen a young girl with her ass literally hanging out and she thinks its ok to be dressed like that.
The only reason I'm not mention boys is because I have yet to see them wearing low cut shorts like I so commonly see with girls.
I believe there can also be tertiary victims, such as the owner of the small shop who sold the murdered man a newspaper and some lottery tickets each morning, he is a tertiary victim because he loses business as a result of the murder, but I am not so concerned about these victims, my point remains the same whether you consider them or not, they only affect how narrow the scenario becomes.
So, even if a man is completely alone in the world, has no loved ones, no one who cares about him or depends on him, such that there would be no secondary victims, it is still almost always immoral to end his life because the act of doing so usually causes momentary fear and pain, which I call suffering, and I am assuming for the sake of this argument that causing suffering is immoral.
Even if we reasonably assumed that the mans life would be more or less as it was had we not killed him I still don't think we can use this to assess the morality of the situation because it doesn't matter to the dead person that he is no longer alive, it can't, because "he", as a conscious person, no longer exists, he has no point of view to consider.
&gt;* "I’m the perfect guy, and yet you throw yourselves at all these obnoxious men, instead of me, the supreme gentleman....  
you girls aren't attracted to me...
You will finally see that I am in truth the superior one, the true alpha male."
&gt;* "You [women] denied me a happy life, and in turn, I will deny all of you life.  
* I am completely comfortable lumping all these groups (men's rights, pick up artistry, the red pill, puahate) together.  
I don't really see how complaining about a "Not All Men..." argument and a NAWALT argument isn't similarly intellectually bankrupt.
I do have a hard time myself getting affection and filling my desire to be loved with woman.
I receive more interest from gay guys than woman.
I however have experienced being satisfied by a woman both emotionally and physically.
Yes, I am male.
Yes, I acknowledge that there is an issue of income inequality between men and women.
When someone says "I'm a feminist" usually I will think that means that they care about equality of women to the exclusion of all other groups.
I was taught that women were to be treated with respect and that I'm never allowed to hit a girl.
I remember that I study was done somewhere that just by placing a female name on an application to a university, it had a smaller chance of being accepted.
So the reason why I say this is that in my field of study, women are considered more valuable than men, thus another item that is influencing my view, which may be incomplete.
The only case of public groping I've seen, the girl slapped the guy in the face and that was the end of it.
I've never seen any girl be told this.
* I'm not an expert on self defense classes for women.
I'm not "safer" because I'm male.
If the argument is that it's not safe for women to be out, then I believe there's an error in that thinking.
I have only seen one woman suffer this, and she put the dude in his place.
I have a hard time believing that every single woman in the entire world lives with the threat of male violence every single day of their lives.
[Second post](http://turn-it-up-tune-them-out.tumblr.com/post/86887543820/literally-all-these-girls-having-fucking-meltdowns) (Not sure who to credit, I don't know how this system works very well)
I'm all for women being equal to men, but in light of the recent shootings in Isla Vista, I feel like the feminist community has used that as an excuse to further their views.  
However, I do not believe that he thought that ALL MEN are entitled to women - just him.  
I think the root of the problem was Rodger's feelings of complete worthlessness as a person, and his actions and hatred of women both sprang from there.
After having recently watched the latest films from each respective franchise: X-men Days of Future Past, Amazing Spider-man 2, and Captain America: The Winter Soldier, I believe that Fox have crafted the superior movie universe.
I will fully contend that I have a bias towards the X-men films because they are a huge part of my childhood and are some of my favorite comicbook characters.
As a feminist, I find myself in a lot of arguments with people who support misogyny, believe women are less mentally capable, and believe that rape and sexual assaults are overblown in society.
I'm familiar with silencing tactings in both implicit social settings, where it's considered "rude" or apolitical to talk about contentious issues, and as an overt strategy, "You're one of the good ones," "You only think that because you're a woman," etc. and oppose them very heavily.
I hear very often the classic feminist argument: It is fine for men to have sex with a lot of women and not be chastised for it.
Tall, rich men are in vogue since forever (a casual stroll through okcupid failed to find me a woman who dates a man below 6 foot tall!).
In light of the above argument, I believe that the analog of a slut is an unemployed man and both of them are shunned by society.
I know the demographic who typically watch ESPN and it never ever bisects with those who watch or even might want to watch women's college softball.
Don't get me wrong - men should respect women at all times anyways, especially pregnant women.
I, an 18 year old guy, banged a girl (same age) last week that I have been acquaintances with for some time.
As for child marriages, I think that in the past where there was no system of education in society and life was harsh it was fine to marry off girls at ages like 11-13.
Anyway, the topic that I've stated in my title is something that I've long suspected to be true but only had brought into focus recently when a female friend of mine linked me an article on a feminist website.
However, it was the tone of the comment that bothered me the most - throughout its entirety, she seemed to be subtly implying that "Female culture" was superior to all these things that the "primitive" men did, and that men who acted more "Feminine" were the better men that Feminism didn't have a problem with.
Now, this was a fairly mainstream Female-orientated website (for the life of me I cannot remember the name of it, but I'll try and find it in the meantime).
It unnerved me a bit that things that are inherently "male" are seen as inferior by the Feminist movement.
If Feminism continues to gain traction in these modern times, I fear we will see the vilification of the stereotypical "male culture".
And that wouldn't exactly be fun for somebody like me, who enjoys being a man.
In fact, whenever I hear about a young ugly guy with a older man, I'm happy for them.
I feel as the LGBT community we cannot allow our young hotties to be with older men for free.
I am a gay man who is almost against gay marriage.
A lot of them also have very clear evidence, whereas global warming being man made is a very tricky thing to conclusively prove, even to the satisfaction of someone like me (who supports the conclusion of what we should do about global warming, even though I'm not sure that I buy that global warming is actually a thing).
I feel that it is inappropriate to call women curvy as a nicer alternative to fat because fat and curvy aren't the same thing.
I feel that it is unfair and misleading to actual curvy women for fat women to use the descriptor curvy.
I am currently a 21 yo male and am seriously struggling with school.  
I am a professional Software Engineer working for some of the big boys in the software field.
For the first part:  I don't care if girls do or don't play games.  
From girls who game to gamer girls to girls who are discouraged from playing, its no skin off my nose whether the faceless person on the other end of the internet has a penis or a vagina, so encouraging or discouraging them really means nothing to me.  
I know it's not right for other people to come for the purpose of receiving free money - as it's not right for the people here to not work and receive the same (*cough*my brother*cough*) - but if people in countries with worse economies are coming to work and live in a place that would save them from poverty (or something close to it) then it is our duty as human beings to welcome our fellow man when they are in need.
When I say our fellow man, I mean any human being with good intentions, no matter how foreign he may be.
I am 16, female, and I think I should be allowed to smoke.
I am NOT defending the girl that beat her up, nor the boy that she had relations with, but she should have known best of all due to the consequences that she already faced that what she was doing was wrong, plain and simple.
I find this is the case with a lot of young girls as of late, Amanda Todd's story is being used simply as an example.
I have been with this girl who is a total hippy!
It's not new news that girls there send private pics on demand for cash, but I have the strong opinion that the majority of the posts there are done clearly with the target to make money.
As far as I know, the defining biological feature of a female is that it produces relatively large gametes (sex cells).
So I got here, boy is it shitty, but you know what that doesn't matter to me, I was looking at the bright side, I'd actually have an income now doing something that wasn't so bad, just a part time job at a restaurant.
I counter with the 8 man+ team separation fights in 6, where positioning and tactical planning (what an rpg is about) were king.
I'm a girl and I've never really had any experience with 'rape culture' that feminists keep talking about, but if not taking any responsibility for our own decisions in dangerous situations is rape culture then I guess I'm a part of it.
But for example, if a guy or girl sleeps with over 100+ people, that to me is a *sign* of great concern, and I probably wouldn't be able to date that person.
**I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT A MAN SHOULD HAVE A SAY ON WHETHER A WOMAN SHOLD HAV AN ABORTION OR
I simply believe that, following a woman's decision to become a parent, **a man should the have legal right to abstain from parenthood (the exact same option extended to said woman).
Please, change my view before I become a 25 year old husk of a man
I can't imagine that anyone has ever seen a 20-year-old hipster girl wearing a war bonnet at a music festival and thought to him- or herself, "Gee, I guess it is and has always been nothing more than a fashion accessory!"
F: There is no convincing that man of anything, so I move to my more polished skill.
F: The man who said that the bible is the only thing I need.
I'm talking purely about straight men and women of an age and desire to start a family here.
Additionally, I think that child beauty pageants are very much comparable to, for example, young boys of the same age doing little-league baseball and whatnot.
I have heard a lot of modern parents, men's movement supporters, and feminists argue that boys have been brainwashed from an early age to not cry - and that this leads to emotional dysfunction for adult men who can't show their emotions.
But I now believe that we should be raising boys who can be tough and endure all of the shittiness that is life.
For reference, I am a male of healthy body weight who is a vegan and who has no digestive tract issues.
I heard about a teenage girl who has had several sexual partners and often spends her weekends partying and having sex with multiple partners (sometimes simultaneously).  
I've also watched the movie Dead Man Walking and to be honest the lethal injection looks absolutely awful.
Today I opened the door for a girl and got screamed at, at 8 in the morning.
I know the term "nigger" is a derogatory term that the white man gave to African Americans during slavery in order to degrade them.
However, today I feel as though the white man either discusses this word in whispers or doesn't say it at all.
I believe that a full grown adult male could fight and overpower a dog of just about any size.  
I am an average-sized man of very average build, but I believe my intellect and obvious evolutionary advantages (i.e. thumbs, limbs that move in many directions) would allow me to gain the upper hand and defeat a dog or wolf.
It's no news that women find short men unattractive, and I'm 5'6 - 5'7
As a middle eastern man I've never found a single girl attracted to me.
I'm a combination of both, and to add on top of it, I've compounded a total 23 years without any sexual or romantic experience with women.
If I witnessed a man murdering my family and somehow he got out of it in the courtroom I would seriously consider revenge, but the risk is obviously great and it may not be worth risking my freedom.
Furthermore, I am currently dating a girl who is absolutely amazing and with whom I mesh perfectly in just about every other way, but she is a Christian (although not nearly as fundamentalist as my family) and has expressed some concern about my lack of faith.
I do not understand, on a personal and a logical level, why females should be praised for doing nothing but behaving and/or dressing in a sexually desirable manner.
I'm sure that I've been tagged now as a hopeless ideologue with an ego bigger than proxima centauri, and boy have I earned it.
I believe the abolition of slavery, suffrage of women, lax immigration policies, and the guaranteeing of rights by the government are liberal ideas that are beneficial to society.
I believe that women are the equals of men and that all races are equal to each other.  
I used to be totally neutral on the topic of transgender people.
But after seeing a lot of posts from "worst of tumblr" I've realized how a lot of transgender people use their beliefs as grounds for getting attention and [annoying](http://feministphilosophers.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/gendered-name-tags.jpg) people with weird grammar.
I know it's Disney and the possibility of an ugly female love-interest doesn't exist, but it seems a little counter productive to have the man who judges people off of how they look to fall in love with the prettiest girl.
I do agree that there are issues in society where men are disadvantaged, however I also believe that it is insignificant when compared to the trials that women face.
Rather many people have simply tried to convince me that there are men's issues, something which I already believe to be the case.
Take /r/menrights, which in my opinion has been an anti women circlejerk for as long as I can remember.
I believe that women are more disadvantaged that men in innumerable ways and that we live in a terribly unfair patriarchy.
Convince me that men rights movement is legit and a not a bunch of sexist privileged pricks looking for excuses to bash women.
I know people are going to take that comment the wrong way, but what makes a trans person?
I think people who are running away from the boxes of "man" and "woman" should try not to fall into a more confining trap.
I was just thinking, cheerleading is supposed to pump up people with dancing, but it's all women, the dance moves are pretty provocative, and their outfits were really revealing and sexual, showing cleavage and short shorts.
I know women are fighting for gender equality, but nobody seems to touch on the issue of the draft.
To the women on this I say "You want equality and things like the right to vote?
I especially don't want an entire gender to be excluded from the fun simply by virtue of being female.
In conclusion I believe simply that women shouldn't be allowed to vote because they can influence putting someone into power who could reinstate the draft.
All of these things combine to convince me that Ted DiBiase is the most deserving man ever to have not held the WWF title.
I don't blame the man for wanting to be with his newborn son, but he chose family over career, and that is why he never got to the top of the WWF.
If it matters, I'm Christian, 16, and male.
I think that the problem is that there are women and men that shouldn't be involved in ballet trying to fit in, when they shouldn't be allowed.
As I'm sure most of you have heard by now Boko Haram (a Muslim terrorist group from Nigeria) has kidnapped over 200 young girls and has threatened to sell them off as slaves.
I also think that the kidnapping of these girls is a horrendous act that should not go unpunished.
Now with that said I ask you, do you think America would care if these were 200 boys?
I argue that it's because we expect boys to be able to defend themselves, and girls are seen as people who need to be defended.
While they certainly did something illegal to get onto the registry, I don't think that a man who had sex with his *consenting* girlfriend who wasn't yet 18 (or the "age of consent" in another state/country) is on the same level as a person who raped a five-year-old or molested their child.
I'm talking about it got to the point where the woman in my company refused to go to India because the locals either ignored them, violated every HR rule on sexual harassment ever written, or were incredible hostile towards them.   
I witnessed on more then one occasion where an Indian man told my female co-workers that a real man doesn't take orders from a woman.  
On one occasion I and another coworker had to step in between a "man" who decided he would show a woman her role in the workplace.  
I could not blame the woman for not wanting to go over to India as even as a man I could not believe how the men treated women.  
Now I will say not all of the men acted this way, just a very large portion of them did.
And by large portion I'm talking probable 60-70% of the guys we trained were openly sexist and another 10-15% would make sexist remarks while my female coworkers were out of ear shot but to their faces acted just fine.
I don't want to use straw men, but I am generalizing some of the themes that I read here on a consistent basis, which I will attempt to pick apart one by one.
I feel that concepts of right and evil are man made and subjective, changing with society throughout the years, and because of this there are no objective morals and true 'good' and 'evil' don't exist.
I fully agree that men can be raped, but all this just strikes me as wrong wrong wrong.
I'll start off with saying that I am a male myself and I consider myself an egalitarian, a humanitarian and a socialist.
I don't like the feminist movement as from what I have personally seen from their views is that they are simply female supremacists anymore.
I agree that there are some gender inequalities that harm the male gender (males being seen as all being pedophiles, women being able to get away with more socially and legally and males' lives being less valued by the media and social justice warriors), however it seems like, like feminists, there are not enough issues to be completely enraged activists about it.
I am particularly referring to the Abrahamic religions but any religion that claims divine authority, I believe to be created by men for intentions I am not clear on.
If women have the "right" to abortion because of their "right" to bodily autonomy, I should have the "right" to sell my marrow and organs because of my "right" to bodily autonomy.
I believe that a person can only be male or female and can only be heterosexual, homosexual, or bisexual.
I feel as though women who choose to have sex without the means of contraception, simply don't care if they get pregnant.
I certainly agree with that assertion, but "checking one's privilege" does not mean that one's opinions are void simply because one is caucasian, or a man, or Christian.
He is six years older so I looked up to him as a brother (I am male).
I've met people from different continents and countries through the internet, or just girls on OKC, met with a lot of them.
You are watching men play football on a big screen while I'm propably watching a cat on reddit on my small screen.
It was a bit disconcerting, but I held onto my intellect and pursued the wisdom of great men and women to try to figure out what was what.
He is six years older so I looked up to him as a brother (I am male).
I'm in a polyamorous relationship with two men, so I've got a dog in this fight.
I also notice my luck with women increase a shit ton.
I have no ill will or prejudice against homosexual men
but I find it uncomfortable when a man gets overly friendly and physical with my SO.
I am a heterosexual male, and I can find no reason for condemning it as immoral.
I think the reason it is reasonable and inevitable is that without the sexual complementarity, the idea of male and female being two parts of a sexual whole, the limiting of marriage to two partners is arbitrary and not legally defensible if a class of persons says it discriminates against them.
So I decides to make the best of the situation, here comes the CMV part into context, there was this girl, who shall be called A,
So I got up the courage to ask her to prom , her answer was a no, while this was upsetting it didn't break me, so then at lunch when she was gone the rest of the girls at our table laid into me , not sex unfortunately, about how is was rude an insulting to ask her.
I would just like to know why is it previewed an absolute that asking another girl to prom is wrong.  
With transgender people I do not believe that they have an equivalent standing with homosexuals.
Simply put I beleive there is something wrong in the wiring of transgender individuals brains and we would do better trying to find a cure or medications rather than allowing them to mutilate their bodies and placing them into the same sphere as homosexuals and bisexuals
First of all, I strongly disagree with the entire concept of enthusiastic consent because I think it is infantalizing women and denying them agency - basically telling them that when they say "yes" it isn't enough, they need to be clearer about it.
While there are some issues I can understand and sympathize with, a hot button issue that I've heard mentioned more than a few times is male reproductive rights.
Essentially the idea as I understand it is that if women have the right to have a physical abortion to terminate parenthood, men should also have a right to financial abortion.
As a male, I have to wear khaki dress pants.
Why is it okay for women to wear whatever they want (within reason) while I am restricted to khakis and a collared shirt?
Also, he trusts me, so taking him to have his male-parts cut off would be betrayal of the worst kind.
At the university where I attend, a female student was raped on campus.
I feel it is extremely offensive that people feel that I need to be instructed that rape is wrong simply because I am a man.
I think rape gets extra attention because it mainly affects women and since nearly 3/4 of rape victims are women, it has become politicized.
I do think her idea that men should be educated on not raping people is misandrist, but she is going through a lot right now and I understand how emotions can get the best of anyone in a situation like that.
In real life, I think the Swiss have it (mostly) figured out: mandatory military service (but for men only, which is why I said "mostly").
Yes, I understand the fact that there are studies showing how young men can be more reckless than women, but that shouldn't be a good enough reason to treat men any differently than women.
This, I feel, is a good analogy as to why men should be getting the same insurance rates as women.
In all my time gaming, whilst there have been bad consoles sure (Virtual Boy anyone), none have felt quite as useless and pathetic as the Xbox One to me; after all, even the Virtual Boy was an experiment into new technology.
However, I think that banning abortion will be a pointless exercise whose only affect will be to harm the women who still get abortions.
I'm an "Adult Kid" (though I act like a "man-teen" around others, I suppose) and even try to pretend to be a kid who bedwets by wearing up-sized diapers with kid-prints.
That said: I have a hard time envisioning a healthy BDSM relationship in which the male is the dominant partner and the female submissive.
I feel like these types of arrangements play into pre-existing unhealthy male-female power dichotomies, and exaggerating them through sexuality only exacerbates the problem.
The way I see it: female-Dom, male-Sub makes perfect sense.
What doesn't make sense to me is why a woman who is regularly disempowered in her daily life would choose to continue to be disempowered in what should be the safest and most empowering space available.
I'm interested from hearing from people women and men who have or are currently in (male)Dom/(female)Sub relationships.
I have heard many people say that they are trigender or agender or whatever else, and I don't believe this one bit.
I am a gay guy, and I firmly believe that transgender is a legitimate thing.
But never have I once seen any legitimate proof of someone being bigender or whatever else.
I have heard someone say that are agender because they want to cut their genitals off and not be a gender, but that just sounds like normal body dysphoria, which doesn't necessarily mean your gender is different.
First understand that I come to this position as a man who was formerly a believer in feminism.  
But the experience of life has taught me that there are numerous differences between men and women that cannot be wished away by a movement, whether cultural or political.
I believe men and women are different, but complementary.  
Pursuant to a recent CMV on a similar question, I came to an understanding that the main thing people seem to think makes women "inferior" or "seen as inferior" is that they are "seen as" more dependent.  
Both theoretical knowledge and life experience indicates to me that women *are* more dependent than men... in general.
If your argument is going to be "I know this one woman one time who was super independent", I agree individual cases can exist.  
I would argue that while dependency may be seen as a negative trait, and it may well be in and of itself, that trait doesn't have any bearing on whether women are superior or inferior.  
Three ships that need blowing up, fighting an old friend who was super close, a black man that's good at flying,I feel I'm the only person who notices the movies feel way too close.
I just submitted a [CMV](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/24cjxl/cmv_i_disagree_that_men_not_being_allowed_to_wear/) about whether the restriction on men dressing as women was a sign of women's inferiority.  
Essentially, what I understood was that the argument that men dressing as a woman marks women, and not men, as inferior because patriarchal oppression is omnipresent across human history.  
That when people put forth a claim that society "tells us that women are inferior" (something I've never actually heard in real life) what they actually believe is that society is this way because men are oppressive as a gender trait, so the claim itself is an indication of the opposite.  
Because invariably, when a Kanye West song plays at a party I'm at on my majority-white college campus, I'm gonna hear the word "nigger" screamed out some white boy's lungs without a fucking modicum of awareness of what that word could possibly mean to people who don't look like him.  
I have no problem with people who are gay, lesbian, bi, trans or whatever.  
I am a straight male who happy being a male and doing manly things.  
If I advertise myself as "just a normal guy", then I have implied that someone different from me (perhaps, gay or trans) is "abnormal".  
I believe that it is wrong to say that prostitutes are criminals, while men and women who sell their bodies to help others procreate are helping society.
I've become dissatisfied with the model glorified by the porn/sex industry that paints women as hairless, and to me it seems odd to sleep with/go down on a lady who is bare down there.
This has not always been the case, there were times when it excited me (as in when I was in my late teens and newish to sex), but pubic hair simply seems like the natural way of things, and I prefer a woman who trims over one who shaves.
These days, I'm more attracted to a woman who doesn't even trim over one who waxes or shaves entirely.
Perhaps it's a disillusionment with the disconnect between the real women I interact with (wink, wink, nudge nudge, know what I mean, know what I mean?) and the prevailing (male-dominated) sex industry's image of "perfection," but I find myself labeled as a bush "fetishist" by many men I bring this up to.
I don't regard this as a fetish (I have a few real ones, I know what a fetish is), simply as a realistic view of sex and the female body, and I find myself actively turned off recently by images, videos or depictions of entirely nude vaginas.
With modern society finally embracing that all people, especially women, have self worth and deserve to be happy, I can see why so many marriages fail.
So, little about me is I'm currently a 19 year old male enrolled in college.
I have never kissed a girl, nor asked one out.
I feel that a person like me isn't really meant for a healthy, sexual, mature relationship with a woman of any sorts.
I don't identify very strongly with the dichotomy of male/female and am open to other genders (or agenders) existing.  
I would peg this as a 'neutrois pansexual'.  
I know many other men who feel the same way.
Personally, I think this whole situation was some kind of a setup and attempt by this woman to get leverage against him.
Similarly, I never heard a man complaining he had sex with an adult woman when he was a minor - except if he was really *raped*, which can happen but isn't the case most of the times.
Now I don't agree with that girls view point on condoms at all, but nobody deserves to be embarrassed in front of their peers like that just for trying to explain their point of view.
Where I have had a general idea of the results of the civil-rights movement, Steele gave me much more valuable insight from a man watching the shift of civil-rights from the 1950s to today.
You could say its cis-gender privilege, but I wouldn't give a shit if someone referred to me as "her" instead of "him."
The largest argument I have heard is one of women's rights, in that women should have control over their own reproductive choices, and birth control is a means to that end.
I am by no means against giving parental leave for women and men who are having a child or adopting one, but it is an unfortunate fact that their absence from the workplace places an additional burden on the people not on leave.
I think the root of my inability to see him as blameless comes from how similar the individual seems to myself as a male near his age.  
First of all, I am a 24 year old male, engaged to my girlfriend (now fiance) of 6 years.
I also remember running into a girl, we'll call Mandy, I had known in high school.
To me it feels like watching Mad Men and seeing everyone smoke or that scene from Dazed and Confused where the pharmacist gives that woman health advice while selling her cigarettes.  
I am open to hearing how people would handle a similar situation with maybe a disabled kid or a girl vs. a boy.
To me: abortion is wrong but there is still this ever present feeling that as a man (and a gay man at that(if that is relevant or not)) that my views mean Jack shit.
However I would not limit booster spending to just football and basketball, if a booster wanted to pay someone on the girls softball team that would also be perfectly acceptable.
I totally believe in the equality of the sexes, but the athletic superiority of men in combat related attributes (upper body strength, endurance, etc) is just a fact.   
I’ve always been confused when I hear people say “I never felt like a male/female” because despite being a female, I’ve never “felt” like a female anymore than I “feel” like I’m a human.  
I just am human, and female, whether I’m baking cookies or working with power tools.  
But im against any clinical/surgery changes as i believe we as humans have an ethical responsibility to keep the natural male/female balance, i think anything else is unnatural and can only serve to upset society.
I originally posted a similar question in askReddit about how i see a problem with transgender people.
To sum it up i essentially said that The problem with transgenders is that they identify as whatever gender they planned to look like after the operation.
For example as a straight male, if i went to a bar and spoke to a women, that's really a man and i try chat her/him up its because i obviously assume shes female, that is the social/biological norm.
-  I realise now that a transgender person shouldnt have to say anything right away, but definatley before any sexual contact is made.
I'm not talking about passages that are sort of ambiguous, but stuff like homosexuality and women's rights compared to men are both subjects where there really isn't any wiggle room, so people tell the church they need to change.
EDIT: I really came to CMV because I'm a gay man thinking about going down this path.
Do you all think it's a bad idea for me, a gay man?
I've seen most TV shows on the fashion &amp; modelling industry, seen quite a fair share of documentaries on women in the modelling industry and some models actually claim it's hard.
I am a male who is attracted to other males.
Never in my life have I ever felt myself being sexually attracted to women and never have I not been attracted to men.
The only time that my feelings have shifted are when I was trying to make myself like women, but in that case it was not natural and was forced.
I was reading an excerpt from a book and a girl was saying she was raped twice, but in my view of it, she consented to having sex but later realized she was probably too immature and young to have had sex.
I went through the whole shabang here in California and can say definitively that men have to pay for their own lawyer and court fees just to sue the biological mother for half custody (if she refuses to give you your god given right in the first place).
I believe men should be allowed the option to be there at least half of the time for the child.
Given this, I do not see how a person can be pro-choice without supporting the right of a woman to become a prostitute, which is an unpopular opinion at best.
Finally, full disclosure: I believe that a woman has the right to choose, though personally I am Roman Catholic and would not choose abortion myself.
As a 24-year-old male, it seems to me that it's too late to gather the skills I would need to create a drastic change in my skill set.
Because I’m betting on the ignorance and patriarchal nature of society, men and women both, to bring up some kind of out dated 2nd wave or 1st wave feminist issues.
In regards to the legal side of a captains duties, I do not know if it includes staying on the ship and being the last man off.
If a homeless man comes onto my property without my approval and falls into my pool and drowns, I don't believe that should be responsible for that.
So I have been having trouble with getting women to find me attractive.
One of my friends introduced me to being a pick up artist and using techniques to get women to find you attractive and desire you.
This was sort of an eye opener for me, it felt like I could see through women and why other guys could get women to go out with them easily, women love assholes.
I've noticed this constantly, women love a guy who is dominant and gets what he wants and asserts his woman.
I mean it's easy to understand, women want sex and like Alpha characteristics in a man.
Ok, I didn't expect this many replies, Yes I do understand PUA techniques aren't good for sustaining a relationship with a woman and it can end in failure.
Women want to have sex with a guy and I want to create that desire in them to have sex with me, these techniques help me create that desire and get a girl to find me attractive.
I posit that its impact would be greater than just the inclusion of minorities in the higher spheres of society: by breaking the patriarchal dominance in those fields, new paradigms in business and science will be born that would challenge the more oppressive and brutal corporate capitalism and the [white male "rational" approach](http://www.chomsky.info/articles/1995----02.htm) to science.
But if I had a girl then that girl would be so perfect.
Always the new guy, separated from other children in my neighborhood for TAG programs, and too shy to do more than dream of talking to the women that barely looked at me were additional factors.
But the majority of the posts I see on the front page there are people who are bigots or otherwise just being jerks (making terrible straw-man or ad hominem attacks against people who disagree with them, for example).
However I think I have found a bread winning argument and it is as follows: Even if the gamer demographic split is 50/50 Male/Female that does not necessarily quantify that Females spend nearly the same amount as Males.
I think when you consider that males still exist more noticeably under the hardcore banner, they are more willing to double their price for a game for all the collectors swag (S.tuff W.e A.ll G.et, not that new age garbage)
I think if A female gamer is willing to play a game but not willing to buy it, males are more strongly inclined to purchase it for their S/O
and so they are effectively still spending more in this scenario, I know gift giving goes both ways, but Males can and frequently do Buy for their other male friends so they have someone to play with.
Here's where I want my view changed: If it's a majority rules system, and AAA companies still do make more off of males willing to spend more money, it doesn't make it a "Boys only club" Even with a vocal minority, it's not fiscally intelligent to cater to audience who's not necessarily going to by a game for itself even if they do play it.
I think that, assuming they were guilty of these crimes, these men certainly deserved punishment (albeit through the legal system like any other crime, and not through vigilante justice, but that's a topic for another day).
But I do think that people have a duty to try to commit towards compassion for humanity in every instance that they can, rather than retreating to a childish fondness for their personal pets because in doing so, they work to make the world a better place most importantly for their fellow man, then for themselves, and finally, for animals everywhere as well.
I confess I am a male which may impact me but am interested in hearing the other side.
I don't believe one man can change or destroy the meat industry.
I guess I am speaking specifically about my highschool peers who go off about "college is a waste, and the white man keeps us down" and then go off to smoke or sit on the block and deal or find the next party.
I'm going to preface this by saying that I am an adult woman, but I'm not that much of an 'active' feminist.
I strongly believe that chivalry, when enacted upon by a man towards a woman, is degrading to women.
When I say chivalry, I mean the act of letting a woman in before a man, opening the door for women, and so on and so forth.
I think that, when a man acts in a chivalrous manner towards a woman, it implies that women are fragile and need to bbe protected moreso than a man.
I find that this sort of behaviour patronses women, as if we can't do those things ourselves.
In my experience, my male friends treat me as if I was one of the guys, which is good, but that's not my problem.
I recently hung out with one of my (new) male colleagues, who insisted on 'helping me' walk across a street, pulled me by my shirt towards him when he thought we were taking too much space when we were walking along the footpath, and waited until I walked through the door of his building before he came in, himself.
I think that when enough men in society believe in chivalry, it can potentially hinder feminist movements that aim to generate gender equality.
I think chivalrous actions from a man towards women disseminates the false belief of women being inferior to men, and in this day an age, this is dangerous for the advancement of modern society.
I'd like to invite both men and women to challenge my opinion.
, fashion (I find the quiffs, pastel skinny jeans and pastel-coloured zip-up hoodies an eyesore although I have nothing against guys looking like girls and I just experience slight discomfort) and in general, design, (even though I prefer iOS 7 because iOS 6 kinda appeals only to professionals).
I just read in another thread about the [Sambia and Etoro](http://letscerebrate.blogspot.jp/2010/02/rituals-of-manhood-male-initiation-in.html) people.
Edit 2: By incorporeal I mean "trans-physical", or "meta-physical".
I theorize that these men later are very likely to become redpillers.
I just read a survey asking about how privileged people are, there were 100 questions, 23 of them alone related to sexual orientation and gender, one of them was simply "Are you male" Seriously?
So sure I was born a white, straight csigender male I don't see anything in my like that leans toward me being privileged in any way and I find it infuriating and pathetic when someone points out those facets of my life in any capacity and attempts to make me feel guilty or condemn me for them.  
I often see people chastise pornography for having a negative effects on the viewer, and these negative effects harming gender relations, particularly women in society.
Porn is said to raise the expectations of men to unfair levels, but I think the ridiculous nature of porn would prevent brainwashing of this nature.
I've been pulled over by an attractive female cop, wouldn't have expected to have that result in sex even if I was Zac Efron.
Male beards are often portrayed as nice stubbles or otherwise well groomed when I've seen more patchy or otherwise not as great beards in real life.
Porn I've seen recognizes the attractiveness of women more than TV and movies.
Men don't have broad shoulders, tall and broad V shaped figures, and don't get me started on dick size.
I can only think of three things men might want to change about their bodies, and I don't think most would act on the urge.)
Before anyone starts forming any assumptions, I am a male 23 year old college graduate.
Just now a friend was telling me about how he was disappointed that he cannot make trip to Bundy's Ranch because he bought a new rifle that would be perfect to take a man out.
Although I've always been successful with women, I have never had a one night stand, and all of my intimate moments have always been with girls I've bonded with -- Girlfriends, FWB, and long-term dates.
I have always been monogamous, and unlike my kin, I am not looking to "spin plates" (fuck multiple women) or get my number count up.
I do not hate women, and I bear no grudge against them.
However, I believe that men and women are two very different creatures due to sexual dimorphism.
* I believe that women will instinctively seek out the most resourceful, most successful, most confident and best looking man they can find (i.e the alpha male), even if that means cheating or abandoning their present man.
* On that topic, I believe that weakness and traits of femininity is the ultimate turn-off for women, and that continued displays of weakness results in feelings of resentment towards the man.
I believe that women want a solid, dependable rock to lean on, and once that rock starts to crumble (i.e he opens up to her about his feelings of despair, weakness, hopelessness), she will be vastly less attracted to him, sexually.
* I believe that AWALT (**A**ll **W**omen **A**re **L**ike **T**hat).
I do not believe that every woman is the same, as if all women consist of some conspiratorial hive-mind, but that women love opportunistically, are incapable of unconditional love, and are inherently hypergamous.
I believe that a man should be the leader of the relationship, and that women want to be lead by a man they admire.
I believe that a man should be the captain, and that the woman should be the first mate.
The only reason I support more traditional gender roles is because I believe that would make both the women and the man more happy, not only the man.
* I believe that women's sexual drives begin to dwindle once she feels completely
I believe that a woman will stay in love as long as the man's approval and love remains a desired reward and not a solved case.
I believe that when a woman says that she "just didn't feel it anymore" or that "the spark was gone" or other expressions of lost passion, it is because she felt way too secure.
I believe that a woman wants to be swept off her feet, taken on an adventure, and led by a man of power.
* I believe that no matter how independent and strong a woman may claim to be, she is biologically submissive to a masculine, dominant and powerful man.
I believe that even women who claim to be sexually dominant themselves can fall to their knees if the right man comes along.
I believe that women are instinctively aroused, sexually, by being put in place, by having their emotions kept in check, by being dominated by an attractive man they cannot control.
Once I again, I believe that women want to be *led*, not *controlled*.
The majority of Redpillers are American, and I sincerely believe that a wider amount of American girls have issues than European girls, due to the insanity of the US.
Compared to women of my own nationality, the stereotypical American girl frightens me, and I see how it can be easier for an American man to wield the emotional armor that is TRP philosophy.
the reason i decided to post this is i heard a radio lab program about a crack addict woman who would repeatedly get pregnant, and then just drop off the babies at a hospital and walk way.
&gt;Moses said [to Pharo], “Thus says the Lord, ‘About midnight I am going out into the midst of Egypt, and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the firstborn of the Pharaoh who sits on his throne, even to the firstborn of the slave girl who is behind the millstones; all the firstborn of the cattle as well.
I'm going to marry this girl (hopefully) because of the support we provide to each other, the way our personalities complement and balance each other out, the fact that I respect her career ambitions and her work ethic, the respect I have for her family and her background, the fact that we have similar interests and can spend time together doing just about anything, etc.  All of these things seem a lot more important than what can be gleaned from about an hour of physical pleasure.
The only way I think the US government would lose would be if the vast majority of the men and women serving in the armed forces were to go awol, and depending on the cause of such a revolt I don't see that happening.
I do not believe that nothing about a case should be reported; I simply believe that if news around a case is being reported it should be scrubbed of personal information (ie "A 22 year old male" as opposed to "Jack Smith, 22").
When I'm in a car and a woman is driving I'm far more concerned about getting into an accident than if a man is driving for a number of reasons:
Another one is I see disproportionate numbers of women driving like they have their head up their ass because they're on their phone, I really only see men talking on their phone in the car once in a while.
Why should I have any reason to believe men should take the same driving test women do?
However, saying "Fuck man, I lost my key" is not meant to hurt someone, and shouldn't be considered offensive.
"You are gay, and I hate gay men" is offensive and hateful because he's saying it with offensive intent.
I'm male so don't try to get any "OMG DAE hate feminazis" circlejerk going here.
Third, to specifically address hitting on girls, I guarantee you that girl's been approached by a guy on transit before and it DID NOT go well.
This tends to make the trans community alienate itself from the rest of the country and make them seem worse then I am sure they are.
Maybe someone from the trans community can help me out here.
I still believe that something has to be done within the Trans community about their response to people who misuse pronouns on accident, or in other ways overstep boundaries that are not obviously apparent to the uninformed.
I decided on this issue after reading a recent story about black women in the military saying that their hair is incompatible with hair regulations.
With the recent push to make women serve equally in the military, I believe it only makes sense that they be subject to the same hair standards as men.
I'm a young male, who over the last few years has moved from community to community online, mostly out of boredom and intrigue.
I used to frequent imageboards and witnessed the wave of misogyny and nihilism washing over the communities but it didn't affect me as I didn't see women in a negative light.
About 6 months in I found out about /r/seduction and started to eat up that content as a young average looking guy with little to no experience in attracting women.
And after a while of reading now, I am now starting to grow a disdain for women that I didn't intend on nor really want.
However I can assure you I was much worse with women back when I used to frequent /r9k/ and the likes but I was actually pretty supportive of women at that point,  actually sympathetic with them.
However /r/theRedPill showed it in a different light, it wasn't one of "huehue women suck and are all sluts" as I had been used to seeing, it was more "Here are some facts, do with them what you will".
It has created unwanted trust issues with women where at this point I am now completely against marriage and due to seeing it before my eyes I believe i'm one of those guys that women want to settle for when they get older but I vehemently refuse to be someones safety blanket after they realise that they can't have the fun they wanted to anymore.
What really annoys me is that the spread on the difference in prices between male and females is ridiculous.
I believe that if the roles in pricing would be reversed ($100 for females - $30 for males)there would be an uproar in gender inequality for females.  
(April 4th, 1973) where she states, "I feel that 'man-hating' is an honorable and viable political act, that the oppressed have a right to class-hatred against the class that is oppressing them."
I'm just saying that as a miniscule race of beings living on one of many hundreds of habitable planets in this particular universe we shouldn't presume God is a man or woman or anything we can comprehend.
Since, I have become an adult 20 y/o male I feel my parents don't belong in my life.
I am not trying to diminish the problems and inequalities facing women, but at this point in time (in the western world), I think that men got it worse than women on average.
Wheras I have never ever heard a man say "she wasn't confident, so I wasn't attracted to her"
I have observed that the more passionate a woman becomes about feminism, the more culturally masculine traits she tends to have.  
I believe this is because she is attempting to incorporate masculinity in her life, but does not trust men to provide masculinity to her.  
Edit: I am referring more to feminists' attitudes concerning gender roles, not to women and the law.
I fully support women's right to choose to work or stay at home.
I met a girl who was beautiful and i got a job to support her and her kid etc, kinda turned me around a lil.
At first gay porn weirded me out, but once I overcame my mental barriers, I realized that men are just as sexy and arousing as women.
I've recently read [this article](http://www.thelocal.no/20140324/norway-army-makes-men-and-women-share-rooms) about how the Norwegian military integrated its troops so that they had unisex dorms and bathrooms.
I think there is something fundamentally wrong when a woman needs to wear a burka or hijab in such hot climates because of cemented religious practices.
I was raised by the best mom in the world, and I do know that I'm the luckiest girl on the planet to be her daughter.
The community I'm talking about however, isn't just gamers as a whole (which the aforementioned tumblr "girl gamers" have tried tapping into for years).
I hear countless stories about people, men primarily, getting told to leave public places, because of irrational fear.
I believe that lowering the standard for women is degrading towards women and is insinuating that they aren't capable of doing the job as well as men are.
Now this Might be a hot button issue but I don't care this topic has annoyed me for the longest time ever since my best friend yelled at me for saying a the way a girl dresses is proportional to the chance of her getting raped.
Make no mistake, I don't think there's any room for bullying however; I don't think there's any crime in the boys doing something icky to the girls cabin  vice versa (silly string, shaving cream non damaging stuff that is ultimately harmless, but makes the kids feel accomplished in mischief.)
In my admittedly limited experience, the women that have broken up with me have each placed a very high value on a SO's sexual abilities.
I doubt this is all women, I know the common denominator is clearly me.
However I believe that plus size models do not just raise the self confidence of overweight and obese women/girls, they make them think that it is healthy.
EDIT: I see images of clearly **obese or overweight** women being called plus size.
Sex to me is a more realistic concept to be concerned with because it affects the processes of your body, your ability to reproduce and your susceptibility to some diseases whether you are male, female or intersexed.
But cock fighting caters more to men and I know that men in the western world are worse at bonding with friends and have a higher suicide rate than women.
I also know that one, women usually divorce men more often than vice versa and two, having friendship outside of your wife helps make you a happier and more interesting person for your wife.
This sounds vague and absurd as a stand alone statement, but I really do believe male friendship is important to a functioning society and that male friendship is being lost.
I'm not saying there aren't other avenues for male friendship--but at this point in my analysis, the idea that we can condone midget wrestling and not cock fighting still befuddles me.
After those questions I came up with a thesis: Midget wrestling is more morally repugnant than cock fighting because midget wrestling normalizes making fun of other humans, cock fighting does not and it gives men a needed avenue for friendship.
Furthermore, as a heterosexual male married to a heterosexual female, I have no personal stake in this.
I never understood the argument that abortion is a women's right's issue or those that oppose it are anti-women.  
This seems to me like it is a purely philosophical issue however and has nothing to do with women's rights.  
I walked into a barren Senate, with one man standing and beginning to give a speech.
Especially with the new supreme court decision, which allows donors to donate even *more* money without disclosure, I believe that American politics are now ruled by those with large amounts of money in a system that was designed to give equal say to the common man.
I want to approach the climate change issue specifically; there are abundant examples of people in science who disagree with man-made climate change, why are these people frequently considered irrelevant by most EPA-like government organizations?
So, I met this girl on Tinder.
I believe that the words "man" and "woman" apply directly to your 23rd Chromosome pair, not your masculine or feminine identity.
It is also a lie to those of us who are CIS (which I don't see why I should have to append my true sex "cis male", with a qualifier that says I haven't chosen to falsify my sex).
Let me be clear, I would never discriminate against someone who identifies as genderfluid or treat them worse than anyone else.
It seems to me that identifying as genderfluid stems from a failure to separate gender identity from gender roles.
Now as to why I think this is an issue for trans people.
When a genderfluid person comes in and says "I'm feeling a little feminine, I guess I'm a woman today."
Finally, I'll admit some ignorance here because I don't personally know anyone who identifies as genderfluid/genderqueer.
If anyone is trans and willing to share, I would also be interested to hear your opinions on this.
I want to start my position by stating that I am a bisexual woman who absolutely supports gay marriage and equal rights.  
To simply sum yourself up by saying "I am a man" or "I am black" is to ignore all that you have done and equate yourself with biological chaos.
I'm a 26 years old man and my hair is rapidly turning gray.
And for some reason I can't fathom why women find gray hair attractive.
It feels like I'm an old man with each new white hair popping up.
I've awarded two deltas: one to /u/forealdudes for informing me that my notions about the 21 foot rule are incorrect and that according to military training the man with the firearm will still frequently maintain control of the situation even if the attacker is very close, and another to the appropriately named /u/Gun_Defender for providing a CDC article I won't pretend to be qualified to disagree with that specifically states crime victims who defended themselves with guns fared better than those who used other methods.
I feel that this is extremely disrespectful to the women that were abused, and typifies their unapologetic attitude towards their war crimes.
In my months in this hostile land, he has been of invaluable assistance to me and my men.
But me and Paullus are at the field now, and I can't see how the man earned his reputation.
Me have woman, need more room.
I dreamt last night of a horse which gave birth to men!
When I raised this objection to my commander and asked if I could simply abstain from the conflict, he was blunt in response: "I have no place in my army for equivocal men."
To do so would be a profound betrayal of all that conspired to make me the man I am on this day and those people and places which I hold most dear.  
Makes me question what sort of personal motives that woman has for bringing up that child in such a godless household!
so I can marry a woman that will actually be able to give me a son but the damn Pope won't let me.
I think if my wife can't give me a son I should be able to find a woman who can.
I believe any man associating himself with traitors such as Paul Revere should be arrested and hung for treason immediately.
I am a bisexual male.
(I swear if I hear "Straw Man" one more time, I'll rip my hair out.)
I want to say right off the bat that I don't believe this is a women's rights issue.
I work beside an abortion clinic and all the time there are a group of women from a church that harass and hassle the women who come for abortions.
I think that it is completely contradictory to say on the one hand that a woman can get an abortion because a fetus isn't a living being yet, and then to say that it's murder if someone else kills a fetus.
I realize that in these scenarios the situation for the pregnant woman and the murderer are not the same.
I think feminist pro-abortion arguments that revolve around a woman's choice and her control over her body are entirely ineffective in convincing pro-lifers because most pro-lifers don't really give that much of a damn about us women and our choices.
Lack of social skills means that I'll face trouble with job interviews, interacting with customers in whatever job I may get, and most pertinent to me, women.
I have absolutely NO IDEA how to deal with girls at my school or outside of school.
The amount of times I believe that this is from same man is less often than it isn't.
I can't seem to think of many if any positives for a man getting married.
From what I've seen, guys seem to have to work a lot harder in relationships than girls.
I understand relationships are about more than the physical side to it, but as someone who hasn't been in one is it really a case of girls not really being interested and guys always having to fight an uphill battle to actually have fun with their partner?
Background: I'm 27, male, hetero, and only interested in a long-term (ideally life-long) relationship.
I'm simply not compatible with someone who isn't similar; I would tax (and find taxing) any woman who was not also in the 95th+ percentile of 'homebodiness'.
I foresee no happy ending with a woman who is not also childfree (and childless!).
I think that, in tandem, these requirements leave very few women available, especially when there are the additional near-universal hurdles (e.g., natural chemistry, mutual attraction) that must be crossed to establish and maintain a healthy long-term relationship.
I believe the available pool of women who meet these standards is so small that I must either relax the standards or accept my solitude -- and I've chosen the latter.
The main reasons that I believe this are because men's issues are often a matter of life and death, and men's issues do not have any acceptance or recognition in modern culture.
It seems to me that there are societal factors that influence men to choose a dangerous career (or to be in the military) just as there are societal factors that influence women to be less likely to choose engineering/science majors.
While I agree that we should work on improving both of these inequalities, this is an issue of life and death for men, and yet it gets no publicity at all.
The statistics I found suggest that women have higher rates of depression than men, although personally I think they are close to 50/50 due to underreporting of male depression.
I think the gender inequality in these areas stems from historical views that men were largely expendable, and that attitude continues to this day.
I obviously agree that there are harmful stereotypes about women that are commonly accepted, such as not being respected in business, but I'd take that stereotype any day over being expendable and much more prone to death.
Actor or not, this is what raped men, and I should know, feel like in today's society.
Compare all of the issues I've talked about (and there are many, many more) to those affecting women.
I found a list of these women's issues on /r/feminism.
Most people in the past got screwed over no matter what gender you were, and it bothers me that people act like the past was so great for men and so terrible for women.
This is another issue that I think is more important for men than women, and yet men's issues in this area are never discussed.
Representation in politics I'll also give you, but consider that more women vote in elections than men.
I am not trying to say that women's issues are not important, because they obviously are, but in my mind all of these issues are less important than the men's issues I mentioned.
I know that my belief that men's issues are more important than women's issues is an extremely controversial idea, and I'm trying to find some middle ground here.
Please give me some reasons to find this middle ground, because I've been trying to find it for weeks now and I can't see any reason why women's issues are in any way comparable in severity to men's issues.
I honestly want my view changed (in fact, I would be very happy if I could be convinced that men's and women's issues are *equal* in severity), I just can't find any way to do it.
The most common answer I received was that these are "human" issues, not men's issues.
I dare you to tell a feminist that rape isn't a woman's issue.
If there is a way to end a war quickly with as few of your own men dying as possibly, I believe it is only logical to use whatever means necessary to achieve it.
I strongly believe that an unemployed immigrant from, let's say Afghanistan, has more right for financial aid form the state, than a working man who's a citizen in my country (I'm from Denmark, but I believe it's the same way in other western countries, like the US).
I do believe that a man who have been rich but has become poor, needs the same aid as a man who's born poor.
And, while this form of slavery may not exist in most parts of the world, I think societies that trample on women's rights, gay rights, or any other minority right can be judged, or at least the aspects of their societies that allow these things can be.
I would consider asking someone you barely know what they do for a living similar to asking another man how big his dick is, how much he can bench, etc, or asking a woman how much she weighs, or how large her breasts are.
Because feminism isn't really about women anymore, but gender roles and expectations (which I believe women suffer from moreso than men, but I don't think that matters to the point I'm making), calling our movement feminism doesn't seem accurate.
I'll say; "Women aren't biologically lesser in intelligence to men you stupid idiot"
Third: Though 'gender norms' is a more agreeable title, the fact that certain, particular men are turned off to the name of patriarchy is unfortunate, but I don't think that these are the type of men that are accepting of ideas of privilege and are rather the type of people simply wanting to maintain gender roles and norms, or at least do not want to actively acknowledge their benefit from the system.
I'm a liberal, I'm European, I'm male, I'm whatever.
More or less what I'm saying is that a woman who has been sleeping around a lot in the past few years is probably going to want to continue to do so.
If I find out a woman has been sleeping around like that I take it as a serious red flag that I should look elsewhere.
I've met "the girl," and she's given me pause to think about why religion doesn't matter to me, I being an atheist and she being a Christian.
* I kept this post gender neutral, so let's not have a feminism vs. men's rights feud.
There is no reason whatsoever for this to be the case - I'm a relatively healthy young woman with what should be a great life, and yet I can barely bring myself to leave my room most days.
My family owns a pretty big business (around 45 direct employees plus another 30 or so part-times) and I've always refused to hire child-bearing capable women for any important position, even when we were a lot smaller.
The only women that work in my company are a few secretaries, and they are all too old to get pregnant, plus the girls who clean the factory every day after hours (they are not employed by me but a company I hired to clean however, so I don't care)
It always made me feel like a bad person, but I will always put my company and my family's welfare over some employee's decision to get pregnant and simply force me to pay them not to come to work for two years while somehow managing with the workload she was getting paid to do, when you can simply hire a man with all the benefits without any of the troubles that employing women gives you.
And that's without even opening the sexual harassment lawsuit can of worms, that although not the main reason, certainly doesn't help at all (it's not that I want to sexually harass women, it's just opening up yourself to liabilities).
I also refuse to hire handicapped people for the same reason, maybe they are perfectly qualified for the job but why hire them and open myself up to many things that a regular man who is equally qualified would not give me, I don't see it.
I am not a mysoginist, or at least I don't think so, my personal secretary, the one who actually runs the fucking place, is a woman.
I have no problem employing 50+ year-old qualified women, it's just that those women aren't really in the business of sending CV's anymore for important positions and people in management positions are there for being good at their jobs for years in the first place before being promoted, something women can't do.
I just don't see a single reason to hire a woman over a man, and many *many* reasons not to, I believe my financial security and my company's health are far more important than social justice.
I recently saw [this](http://globalnews.ca/news/1224320/measles-outbreak-is-a-matter-of-life-or-death-for-3-year-old-boy/) story about a boy in British Columbia who is being adversely affected by a measles outbreak there, caused by a lack of vaccinations at a school.
I can take your word for it that you're a man, but that doesn't help me understand what a man is.
I don't think that the feeling of "man I don't want to go back there" outweighs the feeling of "man I can't believe I got sent there in the first place."
So earlier I was reading [this article](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/topless-women-protestors-surprised-upset-as-men-show-up-with-cameras/story-e6frfku0-1225850121971) about some Portland, Maine protesters who had a topless march around their city.
I'm not saying that women don't face injustices of their own.
I don't think Feminism cares about the right's of men.
I haven't seen them do anything that actually benefits men, and if they have, they've done 2 things that are detrimental to men.
Because he was told niceness is a means to an end, I argue that the person is going to think that he is owed attraction or interest in return for his niceness; if not from a particular woman, from society in general.
The frustration of not being able to attract someone you like in spite of all the effort put forth will, in the long run, either shove this person right into a deep depresion ("if I did all that normal people do to attract a mate and failed, then there HAS to be something wrong with me") or turn it into a misogynist ("... or it's women's fault that they are not attracted to me in spite of all I do for them"), so a wrong advice is worse than just telling this person to not try anymore because it's futile.
Growing up as a teenage male, all the guys my age found Cartman asking Kyle for his bag of "jew gold" to be the funniest thing ever, and being an impressionable adolescent I naturally went along with it, and so the stereotype of greedy Jews was born into my mind.
Libido clouds judgement - I feel like a conscious without libido tends to be more reasonable (e.g. I want to be physically fit because it's healthy, not for the girls i know it will bring)
Which is ridiculous because he is dating me for a reason, I know I'm attractive, and other men hit on me regularly.
Now, if there is a naked woman on the screen I instantly feel inferior and self conscious and quite sad.
I tell myself all the time that they are just women on a screen and nothing else, that there are attractive men too, etc.
Whether they're actual superhumans, as in the case of Captain America or Wolverine, or humans with access to incredible resources/intelligence, like Iron Man or Batman, I usually find their abilities interesting, which open up avenues for whatever themes the comics or movies want to explore.
I think it's incredibly selfish of a woman to willfully bring a child into the world to fulfill her own emotional needs when it places the child at a disadvantage.
I believe that gender stereotypes just cause lack of empathy towards the other gender, and are essentially detrimental to the relation of males and females, and overall to society as a whole; even though gender stereotypes (and gender differentiation) are basically taught to children from a very early age, in my opinion, with disasterous results.
When I was younger (~8-10 years), I used to be told that girls are different, people looked at you in odd ways if you talked to girls, and you even got ridiculed for it, as if someone didn't adhere to expectations and the stereotypes to begin with, they were ridiculed and ostracized..
This is how eventually at around 15-16 years as the limitation of talking to the other gender somehow diminishes over time (possibly because others are pursuing the same goals, or something - I was never really exactly clear on what changed in terms of group dynamics at that point), you end up having near-zero experience in conversing with the other gender, in which case you end up going by the stereotypes you've learned over time in making decisions and judging what other people might be thinking (stereotypes such as, girls will like you if you:
I literally went at trying to converse with members of the female gender with the notion that "a man must seem masculine and unemotional" and this completely jacked up set of concepts about the concept of 'females', rather than being able to understand them as people, as individuals.
This is all because I was taught silly gender stereotypes about women, instead of being taught that everyone should be treated and understood as a person, and shown how to understand emotions instead of suppressing them (and just emphasizing empathy between people in general, and educating them on what empathy actually is).
I'd also dare to say that this sort of "grouping" is the reason why (in my opinion) abnormal gender expectations/roles, and results of it such as domestic violence are so prevalent - notions that the "wife must be disciplined into doing what the husband deserves to get as a man", that the "man is the dominant person in the house", the "man does the work, while the women must cook and clean", pretty much the notion that women are just objects for men to obtain and ensnare to marry then have in their house for their own pleasure and do as the husband says, et cetera.
I honestly think the white man should stop playing the saviour and just leave Africa alone, let nature take its course.
From what I've read of the Red Pill, it seems mostly like a forum disguising blatant misogyny and sexism as self-help / "becoming a man".
Furthermore, Islamic doctrine doesn't actually require restrictive laws like the burqa and no education for women, these are very old tribal traditions that are now simply justified using Islam, but even in the absence of religion I believe they would simply find a different way to justify the same practices.
To be fair, I also think no one else should pay for a man's Viagra or, as The Daily Show recently revealed, a man's penis pump.
I grew up in a Southern Baptist family and I know the Bible so when I watched a few interviews I realized that despite the crazy packaging, the man had Biblical support for the hate he was spewing.  
I would love a long-term partner, but think many girls would see a guy against marriage as one who cannot commit.  
I think, in general, it's okay that corporate board rooms and c-level positions are dominated by men.  
I don't believe that men are fundamentally "better" than women, but I do believe they are generally better suited to fill upper management positions.  
However, due to the specific job functions of a CEO/board member (i.e. decisiveness, performance under pressure, etc.), and recent research indicating that there is a significant gender difference in the listed traits favoring men (e.g. men are more decisive, and tend to perform better under pressure), I believe that it's a naturally occurring, and generally okay thing that a relatively scarce number of women fill these these roles, and that no such policies are necessary to artificially inject women into these positions.
If a woman can effectively balance the demands of both of these roles without detriment on her work life, I believe that she should receive as much consideration as a man.  
If the reason women aren't considered for these positions is due to relatively lower output (which is my speculation) compared to their male counterpart, for whatever reason, I think this disparity is okay.
I have other essay titles I can do, but I think this is an interesting and important topical debate and if I choose to do it I don't want to end up just writing a one-sided string of points that just attack straw-man arguments that no-one is actually putting forward.
So what happens if the men turn out to be undesirables who are causing social problems (I believe that this is the case currently, at least among younger men, but this thread is only about the **possibility**.)
That said, I am male, I have plenty of sensibilities, preferences, and social behaviors that are more closely associated with femininity than masculinity, and I am quite comfortable with that.  
I worry that gender dysphoria is in essence an extreme situation where a male finds himself "feeling" female in the sense that his sensibilities are almost exclusively feminine (in accordance with how our culture defines such things), and that we are treating this dysfunction improperly by focusing on physically changing the person rather than helping the person understand and accept who he or she actually is.
And I maintain that nobody truly, honestly considers that person to be a woman in the same sense as a woman who was born female.  
I recognize how difficult this is in cultures where we are deeply entrenched in a traditional gender binary, but the problem is rooted in that fatally flawed binary, not in the fact that the masculine woman was born with female genitalia.  
- I also want to emphasize -- again -- that this is not about me having some sort of personal discomfort with transgender people.  
I don't have an anti-trans agenda.  
These concerns are not coming from a personal distaste or dislike for transgender people, and if you suggest otherwise, you are wrong, your accusations are out of line, and I will not tolerate your disrespect.
The average Redditor might not be aware that there are actually arguments for female circumcision, often made by African women who have undergone the procedure (For the record, I don't agree with them).
After hearing about the woman with the drug charge voting and mucking things up, I came to the realization that it is incredibly hypocritical to deny felons who have been released from prison the right to vote.
For some men, myself included, I feel I would be able to have a better relationship with the child if I knew without a doubt it was mine.
First off Id like to define my views on homosexuality and the surrounding debates because im going to base my argument for the transgender community in contrast to the gay community.
I understand that sometimes and individual may be born XXY, XYY, XO, or even genderless, and for the sake of these few individuals I do feel harsh in what I am going to say next, but these individuals are few and far between and I do really believe in this.
I believe that creating a transgender society only further stresses these gender differences.
Instead, like feminists have for the last couple centuries (and equalists recently) have been calling for, I agree that these characteristics should be torn down to the statement that the two genders, male and female, are at most reproductive roles wherein the male sex cells are more mobile and the females sex cells are more nurturing.
I believe that the Transgender movement and community only stresses these gender roles in a time where gender equalists are trying so hard to destress these roles so as to create a society less discriminatory toward gender.
Just as I agree that a woman should have the right to choose, I believe a man should have the right to choose.
I think it would be reasonable to allow men to permenantly relinquish all right to fatherhood.
I think its unfair that if a man doesnt want to be a dad, but the woman does that he will be forced to pay child support for a kid he never actually wanted.
I also think this will solve the problem of desperate men who beat their woman in attempt to force a miscarriage.
This girl has all the potential in the world, and I'm just a regular guy who wants to go to a regular college and stay in my regular country.
This post is inspired by a transgendered crossfit athlete suing for her right to compete against females,  where I believe she has a biological advantage .
(I'm not inferring that any gender is superior,  just that men have proven to lift more and perform at higher levels,  both on average and for record-setting attempts,  than women in crossfit).
While I think the US is happy that Putin's man in Ukraine is no longer in charge, I've yet to see any hard evidence that the US was behind the recent uprising ( Not that they didn't in the past ) and that were in any funding nor supporting groups like Right Sector and other neo nazi groups.
I start a business in my neighbourhood, and eventually am approached by a man who suggests that I pay his organization for protection.  
I suggest to the man that I am perfectly able to protect my own business by hiring my own security staff.  
While I don't want to want to delve too deep into identity politics, I think it's noteworthy that a large percentage of these victims are young minority men; a population that is not often protected/given empathy by the general public.
In the context of this article, the father had a 17 year old, and I would guess at least partially undressed boy at gunpoint and *kills* him because he moved his hands in a way that the father interpreted as reaching for a weapon.
Then there's the fanboys of the big-name atheists, and oh boy - I used to be part of this group myself, but lost interest once it started turning into a Dawkins copycat circlejerk that is obsessed with bashing the minority that is creationists.
I mean this in the sense that creating more open emotional connections is more socially accepted and widely 'conditioned' among women than men.
As an arbitrary example to gauge emotional acceptance in society, I am convinced that in the aforementioned societies, a man crying in public is considered more shameful than a woman crying in public.
Besides having more social allowance to express and connect emotionally with other women, I also believe that due to a woman's hormonal cycle, emotion has more of a possibility of influencing decisions.
So because of this combination of natural biology and social conditioning, I believe that women (at least when it comes to cultures found in the US and such) are more reliant on emotion than men in decision making.
When the police came (not from noise but from the girl who called) friend B admitted "I don't want to press charges, I deserved it" and yet they are both facing possible jail time, possible suspension from school, and possible firing from jobs.
I have also personally seen a fist fight settle the tension between two friends faster than any other option (between men at least).
This just sounds to me like an example where the desire to protect the woman's right to choice and freedom has infringed on a man's natural rights.
Edit: it seems people are getting me all wrong with my definition of a flamboyant gay Man.
I'm not talking about a man with a limp wrist or a twang in his voice.
While I am glad that these girls now have wanting and loving families, I can't help but feel (strongly) that their adoptive families will never love them as much as their biological child(ren), because I think it is human nature/biology to feel an un-replicable bond with your biological child.
I am not saying men are better than women, just different.  
I'm a woman, I have no children, I'm divorced, and I'm not white.
Similarly, in a course I took in college on race and gender, a woman who appeared to be Pakistani was told by her professor that she doesn't count as a "woman of color".
I live in a small town in Utah but am a queer woman from a super-liberal household and so I find my views clash with those of most of my peers and that my rights and personal beliefs are actively legislated against in my state.
My issue is with the fact that I believe the vast majority of people who are against gay rights, a woman's right to choose, etc. do so from a personal belief that they need to realize is just that: Personal.
It seems to me that "obtaining" or "getting" a girl or girlfriend is part of the vernacular and so it should not be considered offensive.
As a young black male I know firsthand what it feels like to have a normal conversation turn into a history lesson about the mistreating of blacks.
I think there are many similarities to telling women who have been raped that they shouldn't dress so slutty.
Note #1: Paraphrased, I'm defending the right of businesses to try to exist with crappy business models (and the right of women to dress slutty).
The same way people refused to see Ender's Game because of Orson Scott Card's views on homosexuality, I refuse to watch anything by Roman Polanski or listen to anything by John Lennon because of their actions in the past (pedophilia and violence against women respectively).
Aside from obvious physical traits, I truly think that most traits or behaviors people attribute to one sex over another are societal/cultural rather than something innate to being a male or a female.
Before this post derails into "give me relationship advice" or "so I met this girl and...", what basically started this all is that she's rather fixatedly religious.
I contend that being a bit overweight (ideal weight plus up to 15% greater -- e.g., if ideal weight for man is 160 lbs.
I was raised in a very conservative Catholic all-boys school in the UK, where I was taught various morals and rules from around age 7.
The atmosphere of the school was very macho, with the rowing and rugby clubs producing some very bulky young men, so the weedy little me who was somehow still unkissed at 16 stuck out like a sore thumb.
Worst of all, my sex life is zero because I am unable to bring myself to sleep with a woman I either don't know well or has had other partners.
A man (Sikh I think) was wearing a turban to a job interview and the boss said that he had to lose the turban if he wanted to get hired.
I think if a man looses his hand, he has lost his hand.
I have seen plenty of "hot" black and Asian women - women that in general fit the body type I am looking for, but I have never seen a black or Asian woman that I found to be pretty.
I find this woman "hot," but I do not find her pretty.
Now I'm not saying black and Asian women are ugly in general at all - I find plenty of white women as not pretty as well.
Every time I see a thread like the one I posted earlier, I feel disgruntled though because I am made out to be racist simply because I have never seen a black or Asian woman I find pretty.
tl;dr I am a white male who doesn't find black or Asian women pretty, I can tell when they are "hot" body wise, but I don't find them attractive facially.
I am also bothered by my view because I am opposed to rhetoric which pressures women into giving up their careers to be stay-at-home moms.
Yes, I understand there  are issues that need to be dealt with and that women are often either underrepresented in the media or are presented in an offensive manner.
However, as a whole, I don't think there is anything wrong with being attracted to males or females at this age.
I want to be clear that my opinions on this actually differ from the rest of the greater trans community.
It is important to note I am not talking about someone saying they don't want to date a *particular* trans woman.
I am talking about not wanting to date trans women in general.
If you will not date a trans woman *solely* because she is trans, I think that is transphobic.
UPDATE: I'm happy &amp; pleasantly surprised to see that my below post is now moot, as it appears the FDA has demonstrated a rarely seen capacity for flexibility, allowing them &amp; Chimerix to reach an agreement that will allow the boy to receive the drug.  
I am paraphrasing a girl who paraphrased a topic from her class without preparation, and I have respect for the girl in question.
We should be past this as a society, but every day, I see another liberal (always liberal for some reason) bringing up "white male" as a negative, and this is just as racist as bringing up any other race as a negative.
I often hear people talking about power dynamics or whatever, that it's not okay because the parents have significant influence and power over their sons/daughters, but then again so do a lot of relationship these days; most traditional marriages have the man being the breadwinner and dominant member of the relationship.
I'm going to focus on male gender roles here.
In no way am I against Transgender Individuals and I'm all for equality in every walk of life, however, Transgender to me sounds like a mental illness, where is the distinction between mental illness and a 'state of identity'.
I’m mainly posting here because I just recently sat down and watched [this Larry King Live interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4x84QrZxRKE) with Bill Nye, several former air force members who manned the United States’ silos storing weapons of mass destruction, and a few others.
When I ask him specifics, he goes into this discussion about how women are almost entirely attention crazed and that they respond to negativity because of it.
I got into a discussion with my GF, who is a top level snowboard coach that has helped train many Olympic medalists, and her best friend, who was the top female big mountain skier in the world for a time.
I then continued to say that if the women competitors are continuously given an easy way out most will take it and women's snowboarding will never garner the same respect that the men get.  
Basically what I am trying to say as long as women are given ways to bypass high consequence features and are allowed to hit smaller jump lines they will never get the respect that they desire and deserve.
I would argue males have it much worse.
You tell me which physique is more unattainable - the males or the females.
Given this, I don't see a reason why you would label that sort of bathroom specifically for men or women.
Lastly, the growing LGBT support of gender-neutral pronouns (including the singular 'they', which I hate for no rational reason considering it has a ~400 year history) will probably cast prescriptivists in a 'sexist' light.
And I don't want to hear anything about masturbation because even if a woman doesn't masturbate to their novels, that doesn't mean they don't get off just as much in comparison.
However, I think that females who choose masculine pronouns, or vice versa, are reinforcing socialized genders, not breaking them down.
Essentially, I believe that in a gender-equal society in which "man" and "woman" labels don't hold any socialized expectations, the feeling that one "is" a woman/man despite not being female/male could not have a rational basis.
I believe that things like feminism and men's rights comes/will come in waves.  
I don't care about any First Ladies or their potential male analogues.  
To me, the concern over presidential spouses smacks of monarchist concerns of a royal family, where women were commonly expected to take an interest in some aristocratic endeavor.  
This is clearly gendered but I am extrapolating to the possibility of having a female president with a male spouse.
Now, of course, I understand that there are many situations where society SHOULD change it attitudes, but they tend to deal with broader, more common issues than things like transgender pronouns or label (that's why I'm a feminist, since men and women interact with each other on a daily basis, so holding contempt for one sex is a delusion on your part.)
Likewise with transgendered people, if someone told me they were trans and asked me to call them a certain label I'd happily oblige, but I wouldn't expect that to be the end of their social identity as the other gender, especially if they biologically still resemble their birth sex.
But when I hear about big human trafficking operations in countries where prostitution is illegal, kidnapping women and forcing them to get raped just sounds so horrible.  
Expectedly, I've realized I'm a bit of a dirty old man like Bukowski but I feel authentic.
But I just can't help but think the man's sick, and that this treatment is unfair to him and his city.  
I'm an active gamer and I have NEVER heard anybody bash a female cosplayer, gamer, fangirl because she's a girl.
Yet every single day (I wish I was exaggerating) I see at least one post on Reddit or my Facebook saying that men should be ashamed of themselves for how we treat girl gamers.    
When I play COD and I hear a girls voice, nobody gives her a hard time.
When I play league and a girl announces her gender, no guy says "oh shit, she's gonna feed, GG".
Situation A: I walk into my house and discover that a crazed man has stabbed my family to death.
Situation B: I walk into my house, see the murder scene, draw my gun, and the man runs away before I can shoot him.
I believe that men and women should be equal.
That said, given some gains that feminists have made over the last several decades, I think that women should be included in a hypothetical draft in the military.
I just think there is some inequality favoring women that's all.
I myself am pro-choice, and think that it is ultimately the woman's right to choose whether or not she decides to have an abortion.
With these arguments circulating, I think the abortion debate gets down to what someone *believes to be true* about abortion, and what actually happens inside a woman's body.
Abortions are a last resort type of "birth control", and while there are women who get multiple abortions inside of a year (my uncle is a pro-life EMT turned firefighter, I've heard many horror stories), they're very much the outliers.
As an example, [consider a recent case of a young woman who argued that if only we "empowered" black youth through youth programs her attacker would not have punched her in the face.](http://dailycaller.com/2013/11/20/girl-who-got-punched-in-head-gives-lame-liberal-speech-humanizing-her-attackers-video/) For this reason I think perpetual white guilt is dangerous.
I believe that when the South went to war, those men were fighting for their right to own slaves, and - ultimately - to protect their livelihoods.
I am perfectly content with it, and I've often felt if the pressure wasn't there, women would have a much more realistic view of beauty.
First, I would like to point out that I do encourage learning about and celebrating the lives of influential African American men, women, and historical events they lead or contributed to in their lifetime.
I love panel shows, but I've noticed a trend, the female guests are rarely funny.
Note, I am not saying there are no funny women, just they generally aren't as funny as men.
The worst thing I have seen in my college education is seeing grown men/women who are as old as my own father in the same classes as me.  
I chalk this up to Reddit being young and male.
It may be a chain reaction from nations after an attack, it may be 1 powerful man or organization that decides to do it for various plausible reasons (There are many delusional/religious/insane/sadistic/depressed people out there, they do not take up the majority of humanity, but what I am stressing more than anything, is that it only takes 1.)
I am not the Mule's man.
When Billy Crystal chimed in during When Harry Met Sally, 'men and women cannot be friends, the sex thing always gets in the way' I through initially, WRONG.
An example of this is: Me and my friends were sitting at a table talking in the pub, and he was talking about his experinces with women, and he said in a jokey tone "and that would get me all the bitches" and then laughed.
After an incident in an Alberta courthouse where a breastfeeding woman was told to cover up or leave the room by a sheriff, I have been thinking about this and I don't think it's acceptable to have your exposed breast out in public, even if it's to feed your baby.
I understand that breastfeeding is natural and women will have to do it in public sometimes, but I believe there are certain situations where it isn't appropriate at all (e. g. Court, a funeral, church).
Honestly, it's a fairly tame hijab as compared to some that I have seen like [this girl's hijab.](http://i.imgur.com/BOJQ4TT.jpg?1?8481)
I have never met a pro-lifer that is against abortion just because they dislike women in general.
FYI I am semi pro-life, I love women, and also am not religious.
I once worked with a man who brought his dog to work because he only had custody on the weekdays, and wanted to spend as much time with the dog as possible before ceding it to his ex-wife on the weekend.
I even heard one girl cry "Oh no, horsey."
If a man determined to be sound of mind agrees to say, have his lower torso removed for whatever reason, and signs a binding agreement, then I say it should be allowed.
There's such an emphasis on having children that it's unthinkable not to - I can't tell you how many times I and people like me have been told "you'll change your mind" or "just wait, you'll see" - it's so strange that people who are 18 who decide to have children are seen as adults who made the decision, yet even women in their forties who decided not to are still chastised and told that they're not old enough or experienced enough to make that personal decision for themselves.
Case 1: I am interested in single girl, case 2: I am not.
Girls in relationships are generally easy to become friends with because the relationship doesn't have the dating overtones that might cause overthinking and etc.; I just treat them like my guy friends...who happen to be girls.  
* Example of this "I won't sleep with a man unless..."
The main shock videos I refer to include sexual depravity videos (e.g., 2 Girls 1 Cup) and then the violent ones (3 Guys 1 Hammer), or a mix of the two (BME Pain Olympics).
I see posts about fathers threatening their daughter's boyfriends, getting offended at the idea of some man having sexual relations with them and so on - this is intended to be endearing, understandable and even encouraged.
There are usually no men or even women (in general, and from what I've largely observed, do feel free to give proof of opposition) going frantic over their sons being sexually active.
By gynocentric, I of course mean that the world revolves (socially, not literally) around the needs and wants of women.
I believe that men are seen as disposable tools, like working animals that you feed and shelter as in investment in exchange for their service, their work.
and I say husbands not out of a sexist attitude, but out of the fact that men worked and the president that was elected had more say over their livelihood, their ability to bring home money than anything an elected official could ever imagine having over women, it wasn't until the 1960's that all men regardless ownership or business status, got the vote, and they had to sell the state their body in the form of the draft for the very same right women got 40 years prior, completely for free.
Now by "average" I am referring to those who enter the military as young men or women, serve for a certain number of years, and are eventually discharged.
I have a very limited understanding of the military and armed forces, but I see no reason why the "average" troop, soldier, (not sure the accepted terminology) should be praised and respected any more than say a doctor, lawyer, or even a stock boy.
I feel that, while my context could have been curbed slightly, the content of what I said was essentially that they OP shouldn't be trying to fix the problems he sees, but to listen to and allow women to get their problems vocalized without interfering with them.
For example, if the female is the rapist and then conceives a child, then I believe that the convicted female rapist should not hold parental rights over it.
I also believe that the male victim should not have to pay child support.
I think people get caught up in the idea that Hannah (and her friends) are meant to be "good" people, or an accurate portrayal of all women.
You cannot tell me you're a woman on the inside if every part of your body is male.
If a person were born with XY chromosomes and male genitals and identified as female, but lived under a strict government with extremely transphobic laws, I can't imagine that these activists would side with the strict government.
I believe that the distinctions of "natural" and "man-made" are often misused.
I suppose what I'm trying to say is... natural things aren't necessarily always man-made.
I think that motherhood provides a clear sense of purpose and entry into a tightly knit and supportive group- something ESPECIALLY appealing to young women who have no real upward mobility.
Now to the elderly white men part, from my experiences caddying at a golf course, all of the people I noticed were white, and elderly.
As in, you just go down to the DMV or any government office, say "I want to change my sex to fe/male" and then they change your records and issue you a new ID.  
One factor is that they are often being sold by adorable little girls, which  will lead many women in particular to think, "Awww, they're so cute—I guess I'll buy two boxes."
As a male I completely disagree.
I strongly feel that most anger towards Femen is a gut reaction caused by thousands of years of patriarchy and female subjugation; those who are most squeemish about Femen are so because society has trained them that women are to be submissive.
Specifically on Reddit, a mostly male dominated community, there exists a very negative view of Femen and I feel this stems from a discomfort with the nude female body as a political statement, and females having the capability to be as agressive and powerful as males.
I also feel that modern pornography plays a large role in men's often negative view towards feminism, as women are most always viewed as a "product" and sumbisive to males.
**TL;DR I believe that groups like Femen are progressive to women's rights, and to be uncomfortable with Femen's political protesting strategies stems from centuries of institutionalized sexism.
I believe that if a person makes a big deal about "coming out," they are only seeking attention about it, and again, due to the push for a more lenient society towards the third-gender, asking for love bombing.
I often see [this study](http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/your-looks-and-online-dating/) referenced on reddit with conclusion that "women find 80% of men less attractive than average".
One interpretation could be that women find 80% of all men less attractive than average, but the more sensible interpretation to me would be that the OKCupid population is less attractive than average.
I agree that this is strange, but while you might argue that the women rated the mens' attractiveness too low, I would instead argue that the men rated the womens' attractiveness too high.
and as for the story; now i'm not victim blaming here but both woody and the girl were at fault as they both had completely different expectations as to what they were doing meant, she thought it was supposed to be the start of a new relationship and he thought it was casual sex, sure he could have handled it better and it sucks that she got hurt but he wasn't intentionally trying to hurt her, but even so a story that personal *has no place being discussed in a public forum*
I think shows like *The Sopranos*, *Mad Men*, *Breaking Bad*, *Lost* (at least the earlier seasons, and sporadically for the whole run), and occasionally *Buffy the Vampire Slayer* are all examples of great, highly "episodic" TV shows that also regularly had season- and series-long arcs.)
Whether I'm having sex with men or women, my parents and friends are usually unaware of the details of any part of my sex life.
I think it is trivializing and insulting to those strong Black men and women who fought an entire system and nation that was set up to destroy them, to say that their sacrifice is equal to fighting for state-sanctioned marriage paperwork.
Am i correct that later they swap roles and we see Hank as the hero for going after this man who's rebelled too far.
There are no institutions (or at least very few) in the UK (and I'm guessing the US and pretty much the rest of the developed world) that have policies or informal cultures that don't work to empower straight, white, cis, males, although I would argue that the most important thing is class rather than any of these identities (I guess I'm showing my privilege I'm a white cis hetro male, thats a debate for another time though).
So I think you'd find it hard to make a case for anybody suffering institutional discrimination if they are straight white cis males on any grounds other than class.
It probably turns a lot of people (especially working class white boys, who are failed more by the education system in the UK than any other group) from sociology, which I think is the key subject for us to teach kids, especially working class kids to empower them.
I just can't see an excuse for such sloppy use of the terms racism and sexism and think all these people who go "NO SEXISM AND RACISM ARE ONLY INSTITUTIONAL THINGS" gloss over the discrimination that EVERYBODY (that includes black, gay, trans and female people) suffers that isn't institutional.
Just to clarify, as far as I understand reverse racism means black or asian people being racist towards white people and reverse sexism means women being sexist towards men.
I have tried to make mental parallels between otherkin and transgenders in terms of language barriers, but while one asks only for a new word or a redefinition, the other creates a conflict of though as one mostly says "I cannot speak human".
If a crazy girl who I barely know claims that God told her that we were supposed to get married, I don't say "I shouldn't judge her, who knows what she's been through" and cater to her fantasy by marrying her or entertaining her longing by leading her on.  
I like a girl at this point and we get along and she is always talking to me, but sometimes I think trying to talk to her is pushing her away.
When I was a Freshman in High School, two girls was caught fighting each other in the bathroom.
I think it's sexist to assume that women need to play a less physical game than the Men.
I do believe feminism is responsible for de-mantling some gender roles, and that this helps men.
I must conclude, then, that there is only hard evidence of feminism helping women.
Also I do try to care for the 'good of the herd' and would be willing to change my view if it means littering is bad for the environment or my fellow man.
I ask everyone to keep in mind that relatively recently women were not allowed to vote and blacks were slaves.
This is why I believe the man in this scenario has a moral duty to pay for half the abortion if he does not wish to keep the child (this is not some "white knight" Nobility, this is pure Logic).
As an almost 30 year old female, I've known almost my whole life that I never wanted children of my own.
I was recently put in a situation where a transgendered person became angry with me because I did not refer to them with a gender-neutral pronoun.
While I consider myself compassionate toward their struggle as a transgender individual, I don't think it's reasonable to be angry with me when I accidentally call someone her if they look very much like a woman.
Legal Parental Surrender (which I'll abbreviate as LPS) is a proposed law that would allow men the chance to opt out.
To be fair, I'd make the man pay for the abortion since she must "pay" by undergoing the procedure.
I believe that it is sex-based discrimination to allow women to opt out of parenthood while the pregnancy is still in the embryo stage, but not to allow this for men.
But I am pro-choice, for both men and women.
We also know that, with some small variations, most people have more or less the same definition of what is attractive in a person and what not (see: height in men, V-shaped torsos in men, bee-waists in women, large breasts and large buttocks in women, smooth skin in both, etc, etc, I don't have time to site all the papers about this), so, with some small margin of error, you can reach a consensus on what is a 7/10, what is a 4/10, etc., and would make the listener have a clearer picture of the 3rd person.
Yet I often see people on the Internet (especially the anti-neckbeard-circlejerk circlejerk like /r/twoxchromosomes, /r/shitredditsays, /r/thebluepill, etc mocking the idea of having a rating system and dismissing it quickly with the inane argument of "everyone has different tastes in women/men" (which is while technically true, it is a cheap cop-out of the fact that those differences are small and that a consensus of what is attractive and what isn't exists; e.g. the stereotypical neckbeard these people talk about is universally unattractive, the stereotypical fat, bitter woman is unattractive, with some marginal groups of fetishists finding some of them attractive).
I find it great hypocrisy also that these same people who complained and caused a fuss likely went home and fed their children chicken (male chicks are killed at birth, whilst others lead a miserable life before slaughter), beef (male calves killed for being unwanted) or other meat without a thought.
If you feel I've straw-manned them in any way, or have more to add, I invite you to add your input.
I don't think women should be working at all once they are married w kids because it would free up the job martket, the men can take care of buisness as jobs would be higher paying (quality over quantity) and as a result he could do his job to support his family on his own.
Thats also why I don't think women should work in the military.
SPOILER ALERT - girl unwittingly has sex with a corpse, guy orders a long list of depraved porn titles, (same) guy trashes coffin at a wake... was I supposed to laugh?
I think what this fails to understand is that reclaiming racist, sexist, plutocratic, and highly religious men from our past to make them fit our current standards of morality is just whitewashing, and it doesn’t help us understand where we came from and how to get to where we are going.
As a man, I love women.
I think females have been spoiled rotten due to this special treatment we give them
But I just think of him as being a girl named Christie who feels like a guy and therefor decides to dress in a masculine way and call himself Chris and behave in a masculine way.
I think the primary reason this bothers me is that I've been told that it is transphobic for heterocismen (such as I am) to object to dating transwomen on the basis of their trans-ness.
I just don't see transwomen as being actually women.
I wouldn't deny them the right to maintain official documents (licenses, passports) with their trans-gender or anything like that, just, in my mind a woman is a ciswoman and a man is a cisman.
While these people deserve to be treated equally, just like anyone else, I think it's insane to get a sex change operation just because you don't conform with societies idea of a man or a woman.
To me, it seems like the equivalent of a black man getting surgery to become white because he is discriminated against/wants to be with a white woman who does not want him because he is black.
I'll be honest, I wasn't aware of the fact that trans people do in fact have differences in their brain function.
and would almost be unsolvable, BUT I believe that athletes have a point in saying they feel uncomfortable around gays just as they would around women.
For example, a man saying, "I think that you are very beautiful, and I would like to go on a date with you," to a woman that he has just met is seen as a compliment in most of the world, but as creepy and inappropriate in the US.
You're in a mental institution and a large, confident man is telling this broken, scared stutterer that he should be outside in the real world flirting with women and having fun; to me the picture seems unreal.
I am an 18 year old atheist male.
I believe that abortion is not a matter of women's rights, it's a matter of morality.
A common pro-choice argument I see thrown around is the fact that the baby is essentially leeching off the woman for 9 months against her will.
I disagree with this as well, as fundamentally speaking, if nothing is altered within the woman's body, the fetus *will* grow, and *will* be born.
As a man, I often find myself looking at/checking out women, the sex I am attracted to.
This isn't always entirely sexual, but if a woman is wearing a low cut shirt or a revealing outfit, I'll catch myself glancing over before I remind myself not to ogle.
I think most straight males would have a difficult time not looking at, or not having one or two sexual thoughts if they were in a room full of naked women.
It is for this reason that I believe most women would be understandably uncomfortable sharing a locker room with straight men.
I don't believe being gay makes a person unable to control their impulses or be respectful, but I would imagine a gay man might experience similar feelings/thoughts in a room full of naked men.
I think it's normal for straight men to feel uncomfortable disrobing in an environment that is no longer assumed to be de-sexualized.
I understand that I have probably shared locker rooms with gay men before.
My point is that I don't understand why Vilma is automatically homophobic (he may or may not be, I obviously don't know the man) for feeling uncomfortable.  
Example: A girl I know graduated from John Hopskin's University in 2010 with a Bachelor's in sociology.
If I wanted dark, edgy art I would watch No Country For Old Men or fucking Schindler's  List.  
I work with a man in his 40s who has maintained an interest in comic books since childhood.  
As a male feminist concerned with the rights of both genders, I must admit that the name "feminism" is really unfortunate.
For example, if I suspected that black people/white people/women/men were biologically less apt to do math/creation/teamwork/etc, and I devised an academic experiment to test this hypothesis, I would automatically be thought to work on the behalf of hate groups and be discredited - there would be no doubt that I have an agenda, because active hate groups have made those subjects effectively taboo, and anyone oblivious to these taboos are probably seeing the world through the lens of those hate groups.
I'm a virgin and I had many relationships and I loved the girls that I have been with
However when I break up with the girl and after a while I stop loving her and suddenly I'm having thoughts of having sex with them.
I'm aware of the concerns about only landowners having votes and how less educated women before the suffrage movement were denied voting rights.
I can't help but think less of a girl who sleeps around/cockteases.
I know there is a MASSIVE double standard when it comes to guys/girls, and there is that facetious analogue 'A shitty lock lets any key open it - but a master-lock opens any door' which perpetuates that standard further.
I understand there is intense pressure for a woman to look beautiful, and double that in Korea.
I'm dating a girl, and I recently found out that she had plastic surgery.
I know some women really don't want to parent).
I say this as a young women who relinquished a child for adoption and deeply regrets it.
I am merely pointing out the facts that in my class of around 1300 students, there are around 450 girls.
I've seen the female-on-male rape topic come up in more than a few /r/askreddit threads but have never been able to fully grasp the concept.
I just don't believe that a man can get raped by woman.
I recently watched a video that showed a role reversal of men and women.
The idea that i got from the video (42K likes) was for men to put themselves in the mindset of a woman to make them understand how it effects us.
From what I have gathered about men, (correct me if i'm wrong) they would love the attention and thrive off of the ego boost.
Trying to make men understand what if feels like is completely unimportant to me.
For me, the sole discussion shouldn't be aimed toward men, but what women can do to find worth in themselves.
This is the message I feel should be sent to women.
About a year ago I came out to my mother that I was Transgender, she's been accepting and all, but she's worried about the reaction of my father.
The vicious voice I am trying to ward off in my head is telling me that everything that I have heard, saw and have read about Islam is that it is backward, and shows an obvious hatred of the LGBT as well as views women as second class citizens.
As a transwoman, and a firm believer of total equal rights of all genders, identifications and sexual orientations, I find it ridiculous how anyone can claim to be a feminist or a member of the LGBT can sympathise with Islam.
The way they treat women and LGBT (especially in Muslim Majority countries) makes me feel physically ill to the point where I feel like breaking down.
"In as much as you Alice, and you Bob, have thus consented in holy matrimony and have witnessed the same before God and this gathering and by the authority vested in me by the State of Franklin, I now pronounce you husband and wife and what God hath joined together, let no man put asunder.
I fail to see how anything else is a greater priority to the human race, as one of the greatest crimes against man is to deprive another of their life (murder) and yet we are all depriving everyone of life by focusing on petty issues instead of finding a way to prolong our lives.
I met several of them at a rush event, and I had a few friends in their fraternity though, one evening when I showed up to one of their house parties with three girls, they turned me down.
From what I have read/watched, feminists talk about how "Girls are looked down on by men" or "Girls bodies are constantly being exploited" when all of the things they talk about (bar pregnancy) happen to men all the time, and, they ignore anything that would support them, like they would make a riot over a father forcing a teenage daughter to abort a baby (depending on said feminist is for or against abortion) or a boyfriend telling his girlfriend to shave places of her body, but if it where a women saying that they would say that it's probably the right thing to do.
Background: I'm an non-christian male living in the US.
I think that the general public seeing a man hug/play with/intimately interact with a pride of lions is an extremely dangerous image to be promoting.  
I perceive a strange tension between myself (27-year-old man), my friends, and society.  
I believe that society asks men to anesthetize themselves.  
I usually cannot congratulate a man on bedding a beautiful woman if I am  in a public space for fear of offending someone perceived misogyny.  
My gf recently blew up at me for feeling good for the man and not also mentioning the women in this situation.  
I wish everyone knew how good it feels to get a sack in a state championship game; or how men have a particular way of shaking hands with each other.
I would prefer to believe that all the beta-men that I see around me are not being cheated out of something valuable by a bullshit-pc culture.  
I see weakness and fattness in men, I shake limp wrists too often, and I hear all the time that men my age prefer not to practice their more violent virtues (or potentialities).
It actually sickens me to see grown men watching a children's show with the level obsession it has.
I am a male.
I am half Korean and half Caucasian (English, Irish, Danish) male.  
I dated a girl who was half West Indian and half African (for five years).  
I'm not against old men wearing thongs in public because they are gay, I'm against it because I just don't want to see it.
As a heterosexual man, I get equally uncomfortable when an attractive woman walks around in a very revealing outfit in public.
Edit: I think a lot of you are assuming that I'm NOT against women wearing skimpy outfits for other parades.
So i'll just say : why would I want to watch a bunch of mostly naked men and women wander the streets dancing?
I'm genuinely opposed to men oggling women to express their sexuality as well, so don't think it's just me being against gay expression.
I've been disappointed time and time again by the women in my life.
* I have two female cousins that I grew up with and lived together.
* When I was 7, I was bullied by two girls for awhile.
* When I was 8, two other girls lured, yanked, and dragged me into the girl's bathroom.
* A girl and I became intimate during high school, but that ended quickly when I found out about her secret boyfriend.
I mean, this is what **WE** believe is fair and just but for instance, take some middle eastern countries where women have virtually no rights.
This is what keeps me from spending $1.29 on iTunes to buy “Boyfriend,” “Only Girl (In the World),” or “Suit &amp; Tie.”
I watched this great film last night -- "The World Before Her" -- which follows and contrasts the lives of two very different cultural groups in India: a camp set up to "train" young girls as members of an extreme nationalist group who believes western values should be kept out of india at all costs, and contestants competing in the "Miss India World" pageant almost exclusively to get a platform high enough within the country to leverage some change within and increase Westernization of India.
I am an American Male for context.
I am a straight female here and I truly believe that all gay people are born gay
I think that these are blatant attempts to game the male population of reddit for some karma, thus resulting in some posts that aren't terribly interesting.
One of things recently covered in the media (I forget where) is how college-educated women are marrying college-educated men, creating some of the inequality that wasn't there in the past.  
IIRC), but I have heard stories of girls who laugh and humiliate men for being smaller than their ex-boyfriend.
I have also heard of guys actually being too big, which can cause pain - nice for porn I guess, but in real life only a real misogynist would actually want to cause women pain.
As a guy who plays vidya and browses Reddit in most of his free time, I cannot imagine devoting a big chunk of my life to some girl like that.
I lamented the lack of women in tech and thus the lesser exposure I have to them in my day-to-day life.
I've gone to a couple of indie rock concerts and chatted with women as opposed to other equally geeky dudes.
For context, I am a twentysomething woman from the US who is not married but in a committed relationship.
I'm a girl now!".
I don't see this as any better than the old practice of raising a boy with a micropenis as a girl, with the assumption that they will "adapt" as they grow up.
Now, this doesn't change much of my OP or affect many of the stories I've heard regarding trans- kids, but a few notes:
As such, it seems that gender is more or less an abstract construct; I don't see that the notion "I'm of the male gender" means anything besides "I have been, as a result of my male sex, treated in a certain way since birth."
This being the case, if I then announce that I am female, in what way is my assertion true?
What I'm saying is that I'm of the female gender.
But, again, the notion that "I'm of the female gender" can only mean "I have been socialized as a female," which is patently untrue (and will be untrue for most every biological male except in extremely unusual circumstances).
I can take a slightly different tack and suggest that I'm female because I feel more natural taking a stereotypically feminine role in society, e.g. I enjoy playing with Barbie dolls and am very emotionally sensitive, but this seems to be objectionable in a very obvious way; it's the same backward idea seen in "go make me a sandwich" jokes, i.e. that certain activities and characteristics are inherently appropriate for men or for women.
So, again, in what way can my assertion that I'm female be true?
Does it mean that I don't *like* being of the male gender, that I feel I'd be more comfortable if I had been raised as a female, even though I haven't?
Does it mean that I, in some way, see myself as being of the female gender?
Well, then I'm simply *incorrect*, in the same way I would be incorrect if I "saw" Joe Biden as a purple walrus, because no identifiable characteristic of me is female.
But not only do I doubt that the majority of people identifying as transgender have been diagnosed with this condition, it also doesn't at all account for the myriad other "gender identities" people sometimes use, such as "genderqueer," "genderfluid," "agender," "pangender," etc., etc., and I think a great many people would argue that claims of transgenderism carry water regardless of the presence of the neurological condition.
I believe that all soldiers, whether it be the men that sweep the floors or the men that go out and kill, are heroes.
And not only men that fall into those categories, but I feel even those that may commit war crimes are heroes.
and again I've heard horrible men complain that women are essentially out to steal their sperm and get them on the hook for child support.
Any man who truly believes this has no respect for women at all and it baffles me that there are women out there having sex with these men.
Please do not try to say that forcing men to pay for kids they never wanted is right or wrong - I am not disputing that, for the sake of argument.
Please do not try to say how rare or how often it is for men to be deceived or tricked into fatherhood - I am not disputing how often it happens.
I am simply addressing one argument: *Is it victim-blaming to dismiss the issue of men being forced to pay after being tricked with the reasoning "well, don't have sex then if you don't trust your partner, problem solved."??*
I check the boys' homework, I fiddle around on my computer, I drew a picture of a Creeper on the board, making sure the boys aren't trying to kill each other.
The boy in question, let's call him Bobby, sits next to me.
I thought that Bobby was just a stupid 15-year-old boy who tried to hit on an older woman and failed.
All I can say is that if you had to look up a girl you see to determine if she is over 18, then physically she is clearly mature.
Often, in the US, I've seen women purposefully getting pregnant for the sake of government benefits.
  I also have little issue with said women being in the workplace.
Now fair enough, there are certain things that a pregnant woman shouldn't be expected to do, but I think the real issue lies because all too often in my experience, being pregnant seems to be a magic ticket to getting out of doing jobs that they are perfectly capable of doing.
Much of the humor seems to play off a grouchy old man and a youngster, and it feels more gimmicky to me than 'Frozen' (where I feel Olaf is just genuinely funny).
I have repeatedly seen blog posts, newspaper articles stating the negatives of Disney princess culture on little girls.
Granted while I do think the industry around princesses is a negative influence I don't think there is a single Disney Princess I would not want my child (boy or girl) to aspire to be like in some way.
I admit the idea only little girls can like princesses bothers me, but I don't think the values are any different than if they liked say superheros.
I consider myself a feminist and I think the Disney Princesses, especially the newer ones, face struggles and hold values many young women today should see as relateable and as positive influences.
But in the mean time I developed a deep and loving relationship with another man.  
I don't want to leave my husband, but I can't stop loving the other man on command and our lives are slowly falling apart.  
By this I mean, my only option was to read about the holocaust, slavery, and/or female suffering.
I believe being gay or atheist harms no one, thus if the Boy Scouts of America are trotting out a motto that includes being brave, kind, and friendly, then they ought to act so.
EDIT2: I haven't had my view changed yet but comments from /u/crazydogirl and /u/fnredditacct in particular have been helpful in expanding my understanding of the female perspective on the issue, so whilst no delta special thanks to them.
I want to have sex with a girl.
So I've posted these thoughts and feelings - that intimacy, friendship, love, and such are mere playthings and distractions and that you don't *really* need them and that family is more important - in the hopes that you guys and girls would help me tear them down.  
I believe that women are earning less than men because of the decisions that men and women make in their lives.
Living in a major international city and in my twenties, I am no longer convinced that my female peers are, all things considered and evened out, the disadvantaged group anymore.
Recently I was room hunting, close to half of the ads explicitly or, after going for a visit, implicitly prefer females, for no reason other than the supposed idea than guys are messier ( I will happily dispute that , professional guys at least will not have 1000 bottles scattered in the bathroom )
I fortunately had been through that phrase, but I can guarantee you even in the traditional male dominated arena of politics and international organizations, the softer female touch (I suppose) is now allowing the incoming class to be also disproportionately female.
And yet somehow, and I know you girls here will disapprove, but yet we guys are still somehow supposed to be the girls' "marrying up" scheme.
You may say there is still no female US president; under-representation of women in the boardroom and etc, but I would argue that, in terms of the individual welfare of our age group, these stats are as inconsequential and
Furthermore, another difficulty in my position is the fact that we don't exactly have a "holotype" for humanity- the closest I could think of might be Da Vinci's Vitruvian man, and that is more an aesthetic rather than biological point of comparison.
I guess I'll preface this by saying that I am a male who is pro-choice and have no issue/loss of respect/sense of disgust towards women who have had abortions or plan to, be they co-workers, friends, family or strangers.
A while ago I had an argument with both of my nieces, who both identify as feminists, because I had said that while I feel women should have the right to choose abortion without shame or ridicule, I personally do not want to become romantically involved with a woman who would choose to have one/has had one before.
Yet my nieces said that I can't honestly be supportive of pro-choice if I won't give women who have had or will have abortions the "fair" chance of becoming romantically involved with me, but when I ask why, they can't give me a straight answer.
I see no need whatsoever to continue gender policing people with notions of what it means to be a "real man" or a "real woman".  
I feel that they do not understand fully what hardships come with being male.
I would never say that I was worse off than women (clearly from the view I am requesting be changed), but I would say that the disparity is not nearly what it i made out to be and may be minimal.
It doesn't help that I am a 5'0" female who weighs so little that I don't think I'll be able to donate blood at any point in my life.
What I see as actually happening is that *non promiscuous men* are 99% of the time the ones who are "slut shaming" but in reality, aren't being hypocritical about it because *they themselves aren't promiscuous*.  
The problem is that the reality is reversed, average masturbation for males may be once per day, but this doesn't correlate to "how often I want to have sex" per day, and society greatly overestimates the want for males to have sex, while at the same time greatly underestimating female desire for sex.  
I would think that the women that say that trust is foremost in a relationship would understand that there are other extremely shady women out there that would deceive a man about his paternity to a child and that those women try to make themselves appear trustworthy too, but apparently thats not a consideration for those 'honest' women.
So i believe that women who would end a relationship if their partner asked for a paternity test are the latter posing as the former.
edit: man, the questions are coming faster than I can type!
edit 3; I concede its a generalization to say that *all* women that would end a relationship if their partner asked for a paternity test are (potential) cheaters but i think that is the most likely reason they would do so.
This is also entirely anecdotal, so take this with a grain of salt, and I really don't mean to offend any trans people here because I know I can't speak for everybody.
That being said, I know quite a few transgender people--and almost all of them have something going on with their head other than their transsexuality.
Now this could be a result of what they've had to go through being transgender in their life, but I find it weird that out of probably a dozen people I know, they all have issues other than this.
The closest person to me is one of my absolute best friends, who started identifying as trans when she was experiencing some difficult times in her life, and also had a history of mental issues.
On top of that, I'm cis, able, white and male, and understand that my perceptions are necessarily viewed through a lens of privilege.
I feel very uncomfortable listing these things, and I want to emphasize that I do not think this is intrinsic to black people, but that, as it seems to me, a white male layman, that what I've listed is prevalent.
To preface this and preempt a few objections that I imagine might crop up: first, I'm American, so what I'm saying might be less (or more) applicable to women of different cultures.
Second, I don't subscribe to the notion that any of this is because of biological factors, or that females are in any way *inherently* different from males.
And thirdly, I also understand that there are outliers, and what I say is not categorically true of all women, but broadly true of women on average.
What I'm thinking, in eseence, is that men are generally subjected to much greater social pressure to be high achievers, to demonstrate qualities such as self-confidence, initiative, and leadership, than women are.
In response to an objection that I anticipate: yes, I understand that current societal trends are toward women being expected to have careers and be successful.
Imagine the amount of scorn and derision that would be inflicted on a man who sits at home pursuing useless hobbies while his partner busts her ass all day long to provide for them both, and then compare this to the inverse situation, and I hope you'll see what I mean.
This all seems self-evident to me, but I think that most of Reddit (and most of the people I know) would be outraged to see someone claim that women are less competent than men.
I should mention that when I use the term "nice guy", I am not referring to men that treat women with legitimate respect, but rather guys that bitch about how women only go for assholes and think they are only being rejected for their niceness.  
Therefore, I think men who psychologically manipulate women are a bit less sexist than self-pitying nice guys.  
I do think that women should be given a right to choose what happens over their own reproductive system, in the it belongs to her, and not the governing bodies of the country she is in.
I am pro-life, and one of the counterarguments that I often encounter is that if abortions were made illegal, women would be forced to get them in a 'back-alley' fashion, rather than in the safety of a clinical setting.
Disclaimer 1: I think Bieber is at best mildly talented, and undeserving of the fame and fortune that has be thrust upon him based more on his puppy dog looks that tween girls swoon over than on, say, musical talent.
I do not agree that that only men should work and women should stay home and clean stuff.
I find it unfair that the female tennis players are getting payed the same amount of prize money as the men, but only play best of 3 sets compared to the men's best of 5.
I also think that the women's skill level between the top seeds and the bottom seeds is way larger than the men's division which causes much quicker games for the females in the earlier rounds which means their lead up games to the finals means they don't have to play that much.
I just am literally a man who has dirty, enthusiastic intercourse with other men.
Also, I am also currently seeing a girl, were in a relationship although its still pretty new.
But I believe that allowing women IN is sexist.
If there is some need for identification or security, I am sure that provision could be made that niqabed women would be required to remove their niqabs for this purpose infront of an appropriate female, and identification made.
I believe that all women (if they start a family and have a husband) should become house wives.
I see no problem in believing that the man should bare all the financial burden of his family while the women are to care for the children.
You think I'm less of a man for that?
I suppose people can claim that these images of women as sexual objects somehow implies that that is all that they are.  
**I do not believe what is commonly referred to as "the objectification of women(or men)" is actually dehumanizing, Therefore I do not believe it is bad.  
I believe a lot people look up to models portrayed in magazines, especially teenage girls.
Furthermore, I don't believe a woman really can, or should, love a man because of all of the horrible things men do to women.
But beyond that, I don't see why any woman would want or need to enter into any sort of intimate, close, or loving relationship with a man.
On top of that, I don't believe heterosexual women are naturally as attracted to men as heterosexual men are to women.
I won't say they're brainwashed into being attracted to men because I'm not insane.
I believe I can choose to listen to the good stuff Jesus says, or the little sensible bits which are found in the Quran, or for that matter any of the Hindu Upanishads, which talk of intellectual stuff helping man live a life in a better way.
I have lived in a place where religion has done many, many positive things, I have been inspired from childhood stories of saints; humble men/women who radically changed their lands with knowledge and compassion, and where in a general case, 'religion' is nothing separate from everyday life.
I am a Black male, to add to my perspective on this topic.
I personally believe that the idea of White Privilege (basically that White people are the default standard for all societal norms, generally have an easier life and path to the top than non-whites, and that American society is crafted around White people, forcing non-Whites to adjust to White culture) trumps the idea of Cis-Male Privilege (the same thing, but replacing every instance of the word "White" with "cis-male").
I am a Black, Cis-male.
I hold this belief due to noticing the varying treatment of White women vs. Blacks, male or female.
I countered with the notion that (predominantly) gay male performers were marginalized as well, to which she pointed out that a non-white person in blackface would be equally offensive.  
I also tried to use the argument that they were also part of the transgender spectrum, and she pointed out that a lot, if not most of the performers were not experiencing any sort of gender dysphoria, but were merely doing it for the "fun".  
I went to the show that night anyway and saw a drag performer doing a caricature of a geisha girl as well as others also exploiting cultural stereotypes.  
As a woman, I do believe that women and men should be equal.  
Although, I think it should apply to everything, not just equal pay and equal rights - I think that, in the event of a war and Congress enacting a draft, American women should be put in the lottery just like American men.  
I think it's sexist and ridiculous that only men are drafted, and I think women should be included in that process.
I think women should be included in the United States draft, if and when it comes about.  
I get that a 5'1", 120 pound woman can't carry a 6'0" tall guy + gear.  
However, for these reasons, I've started feeling uneasy, insecure/inadequate, and sometimes betrayed whenever observing my SO looking at a picture of another woman's body.
I feel like a child at that age doesn't understand the physical and psychological affects they are facing and a doctor should not perform an abortion on a girl that age without her parents consent/knowledge.  
I am a man, and I was born in the United States.
I'm 20y/o, male, 155 pounds and have never smoked.
I'm going to be honest, I have a hard time empathizing with women on many issues, but maybe you can help me understand.
I've recently read a couple articles about men going on sites like OKCupid, posing as women.
If I posed as a girl on a site, I wouldn't be surprised to receive some really deviant shit, like some "peg-me-in-the-asshole-baby" kind of deviance.
I can't empathize with women when they complain about that stuff.
I'd like to see if I could suddenly "see it woman's way" and all of a sudden be disgusted by the behavior of men in general (I mean I tend to dislike other men anyways, so I'm not sure how much of my behavior this will actually change).
Now, when it comes to new things in the human world like math and science, I doubt there is much of a difference between men and women (although there might be some) because there just hasn't been enough time for any sort of sex based specialization.
Yet if you look at the long run comparing men in things that they traditionally (50,000 years ago) did and what women traditionally did, I believe there would be real differences between men and women's brains.
I believe that because boys traditionally would have learn from dad and the guys out hunting or doing guys stuff, and women would traditionally would have learn from mom and the gals doing girl stuff.
I think boys have a built in preference for male teachers, and girls vice versa.
I think that the 76/24 female teacher to male teacher split in America is actually hindering male studies.
I think the big difference to why so many more girls are going to college and are getting better grades is but because of millions of years of evolution and that the vast majority of teachers are female.
---Because of this I feel that sex specific schools would greatly improve students grades and schooling admittedly it would help males more.
I think that if you'd sue the woman for sexual harrassment you wouldn't stand a chance, everything would think you just should man up, knowone would help/support you, not the cops, neither the judge.
Therefore, I can completely understand why women would hate men, and it surprises me that more don't.
In fact, I would argue that women and girls *should* hate men and boys.
Of course, I'm not advocating acts of violence or crimes, but I do think the male gender could use a taste of its own medicine.
The only way to really rectify this, I think, is for women to start aborting boys and to do so until the balance is restored.
But I think women and girls need to start doing the same thing to men to really get the point across.
Just to be clear, I am a man.
But in trying to see things from women's point of view, this is the only rational conclusion I can come to.
I think feminism's main flaw is that it's too conciliatory and nice to men.
I loved hearing that, and I think more women should adopt that mentality.
While they have themes they like to wonder back to, I find I like it more the fiftieth cop/detective show or business man (like American Restoration) show.
I believe that if, say, a girl gets raped at a high school party, it's not some kind of evil taboo to look at what she was doing for the purposes of learning how to decrease the risk of being raped.
I don't believe that asking this so I can point to this poor girl and tell the girls I teach "going to a party and getting blackout drunk will increase your risk of being rape" is such a horrible thing.
I know about the whole "instead of teaching girls to avoid being raped, we should teach boys not to rape" argument, and I believe it.
But until I can teach every male on earth not to touch my hypothetical future daughter(s), I'd like to look at what factors contributed to a rape so my future daughter(s) can try to avoid them.
Similarly, I don't think I'd be in the wrong for ending my marriage to her and pursuing a relationship with a wealthier or more beautiful woman, and I'd expect her to encourage me to pursue a better partner.  
A friend of mine in Seattle was posting some nice pictures of his apt./car on facebook, I basically started talking to him and we got to talking about jobs, I basically said "I wish I could do what you do man", to which he said "well you can learn", and he basically talked to me about how he programmed and that most companies didn't require a degree, but skill.    
Although the gender rolls thing is soemthing i acctualy dont like (ie girls in the kitchen, all guys do sports) that i can see as bad and old fashioned.
I go to an all-boys private school that upholds a strict dress code, you must wear the uniform, black leather shoes, hair must be kept above a 2 blade, and you must be clean shaven daily.
The typical look of a successful man was clean shaven, maybe a moustache, plain suit and hat, which I feel is redundant today.
OK so i was trying to argue with my SJW teacher (proably my first mistake) that places like little china or other communities arent being made by white men to keep the minorities down but are a natural occurrence when people come to another country.
First of all, please note that I intentionally worded this CMV in a specific way, *assuming* that you support trans* rights.  
I don't want to make this CMV about trans rights, and I don't want to hear arguments coming from a place of not supporting trans* rights.
These are, I believe, the core values behind fighting for trans* rights.
And yet, I've often seen trans* people, and people who are in favour of trans* rights, saying people in these other two groups are "crazy" and generally trying to distance themselves from them as much as possible.
So, I feel like anyone who supports trans* rights should also support people in these groups.  
Growing up as a male member of generation y my first experience with sexuality was through porn at age 12.At that age i didn't realize that porn wasn't real and it wasn't until i was about 14 was it that i pieced things together;the dramatic moaning,that most women didn't look like the woman in porn it was all just terrible acting.
In many views i feel porn was an escape to indulge in fantasies that weren't realistic in real life,with idealized female sexual receptivity and aesthetic appeal but i'd always snap back into reality and not let my perspective of women and sexuality be obscured through "porn vision".
I imagine if you asked most other men who watched porn as a teenage you would get similar experiences.
Edit: I'm male
I will use a man in this example, but know I would feel the same if it were a woman.  
I know it sounds irresponsible, but as a male cat, I don't see the need to get him fixed.
Even if I do get my cat fixed, there will be plenty of other unfixed male cats to impregnate female unfixed cats.
What I don't understand is why, when I refer to 'female privilege', 'native privilege', or 'short privilege' (FYI I am a short person), I'm labelled as hating that group or just not understanding the concept of privilege.
The one that gets me most is male privilege.
* I've argued with friends about how much it sucks that I can't get a job as a server because I'm a short, less-than-typically-masculine male, while it seems any girl can get a job serving if they pass out a few resumes.
I've actually had a job interview once where the manager outright said "we usually hire the pretty girls for this position, so why should we hire you?"
I'd consider this instance to be evidence of female privilege.
A friend I was talking to said "no, that's detrimental to women because they're streamlined into jobs like that."
I think with male/female privilege, this phenomenon is most evident; however, it can be applied to race as well:
I feel that it's built in such a way as to maintain the victim/victimizer dichotomy people are comfortable with, situating straight, white males as the oppressors and women, homosexuals, and people of color as the victims.
In the late 80's, a few years before I was born, one of their favourite football stars had a baby boy who died due to a one-in-a-million allergic reaction to his vaccinations.
He spent most of our conversation complaining about how difficult it is for him to make friends in college, and how he can never get a girl to date him, and so forth -- all because "I have Asperger's".
There will always be this idea that women are really baby-making machines (I'm not saying many people have this opinion - or have it *consciously* - but it does exist).
I happen to be a cis straight white male so of course I'm probably misguided in my thoughts.
Now I can't imagine what it must be like to be trans*
Thus it would seem a luxury to me both for the cosplay cis person and the trans* person to have these binders, just as plastic surgery is a luxury to people who feel they must have perfect, celebrity-like bodies.
That said, I would like to have the more morally upstanding opinion on this matter and thus request that someone tells me why I should be 100% on the side of the trans* people in this case.
I anticipate the objection along the lines of *But society is so so so totally conditioned by ebil femmists to accept women's accusations without question[which explains why Reddit totally united against Julian Assange that one time] that the crime of sexual assault is unique and a false accusation of rape does much much much more damage than one of murder.
I'm in a crowded bar, engaged in a conversation with a friend, or perhaps a girl who caught my eye, about to deliver the punchline to a great joke.  
I believe that abortion should be legalised and every woman should be able to make their own decision regarding her body and her future.
I am a 26 year old straight, happily married male with one child.  
I think that the friend zone as men commonly complain about is a one sided relationship in favor of the woman, and is outright exploitation of the man.
I think that this leads to great frustration for the men, because they feel trapped by the conundrum of being a nice guy: a nice guy will be willing to be a good friend, but they are frustrated by how one sided the relationship is without understanding why.
Every post I can find on reddit seems to be talking about hate crimes against trans people and how courageous and intelligent and wonderful they are, and I'm not disputing any of that.
But if I walked up to a black man and shouted "nigger" at him and he proceeded to pull out a gun and shoot me, would he be acquitted?
I know there's a bigger question about cruel and unusual punishment from putting trans women in male prisons, and i'd prefer to steer clear of that if i may.
For example, I prefer long hair on girls I date, but I don't completely eliminate every short haired girl in my dating pool.
While watching the Australian Open I have seen a lot more females over the years serving as ball girls.
I also think these mothers/mothers-to-be look down on those "weak" women who opted for the drugs (usually epidural).
I cannot think of a reason why a woman would eschew drugs when they are readily available.
Also, rich people don't amaze me: when I see an ugly guy with a fabulous obviously call girl, ordering an expensive champagne I don't think "I want to be like him" I just think that's someone who will spend his money very very quickly..
When ever I meet, over even look at a girl the first thing I look for is some sort of indicator of weight.
If the girl is holding fat on their arms I am automatically turned off.
So I understand that male circumcision *does* drastically affect the appearance of the male genitalia.
Not sure I would do it to my kid, but I don't see it as being in any way comparable to female genital mutilation, which in many of its forma can irrevocably destroy sexual function.
I can't help but notice that people who I interact with who are under 20 or so and frequent reddit enough to mention it in public for some reason seem to not only hold some pretty strongly anti-woman views ("feminism is evil" without having a tiny grasp of what feminism is, the "friendzone" is a real thing and not an awful manipulative concept, etc.) which they can't even begin to articulate a defence of when called on.
I don't mean to bash feminism or anything but Bertrand Russel, in his piece "In Praise of Idleness", mentions that when women were rejected in the workplace and told to stay at home all day, society tried to make it up to them by saying women had a certain saintleness about them.
I don't deny that sexism exists, but there seems to be a "good" sexism and "bad" sexism; anti-male sexism is fine, because men have to suck it up and be noble for the "saintly" ladies' sakes but anti-female sexism is like carving a satanic symbol on the Sistine Chapel ceiling; if you even seem sexist, you will be impaled on the pitchfork of society(without the metaphorical section of the atheist population who will cheer you on).
Even the Google Science Fair 2013, I suspect, only let one of the entries reach the finals because they were girls from Afganistan.
One of my teachers decided to split the class into groups and I quote: "Seeing as women are so discriminated in our day and age, all group leaders will be female."
I commonly hear people say that most CEOs are white males.
I believe in equal rights for women but they should be EQUAL rights.
Lastly, I don't think any of this can be brushed away by saying it's a personal issue of choice for individual women.
I understand that it can be used to treat pain and things of the similar but I don't see how something that isn't scientifically proven is "better" then something that was designed by man to do one specific thing.
I don't hate trans-gendered people and I don't want them to be treated unequally.
I obviously mean no offense to people who were born a non-binary gender.
I think this goes for women too, regardless of whether or not the woman wants the baby, if we're being responsible then isn't it the right thing to either take the man off of child support, or at least for the woman to abort?
I'm sure plenty of people here hate How I Met Your Mother, Two and Half Men, or Big Bang Theory.
Through my own personal experience, I've see women have more irrational lines of thought.
What I mean by that is if the average man and woman were to spend an hour on a subject like math, the man would complete more in that hour than the woman.
I know women on average get better grades than men, but that is not relevant because it doesn't mean they are naturally better, just that they spend more time/care more.
Let's start by saying that I think that any kind of discrimination is bad, and that there is still a lot work to do to improve how minorities and women are treated.
But there are a lot of more "general" things: how criticising anything feminist means you're sexist (same with ethnies), how making a joke that somehow involves women/poc/lgbt means you're a bigot, how something you say without bad intentions can turn out in a shitstorm, how people get offended for things I wouldn't remotely consider offensive...
I cannot marry a woman.
Not in the way that frat house kids or creepy old men love strippers, but I love them as actual people, for what they add to society and for being productive, working-class citizens.
Maybe it was the dimly-lit room, the dirt-cheap beer, or the raging hormones of an adolescent male…whatever the hell it was, I was in clear-heel heaven!
I believe the same thing happens in the news media, which is called [missing white girl syndrome](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missing_white_woman_syndrome#External_links).
Now, I am a firm believer of the fact that a woman /does/ have the right to her own body, but I think that this should not be the only thing taken into consideration when considering the argument at hand.
But if a woman voluntarily takes on the risk of pregnancy and, because she voluntarily took on this risk, she gets pregnant, then you'd be hard pressed to convince me that she holds no responsibility for the unborn child that could only possibly exist because she knowingly made decisions that had a risk of causing the unborn child to exist.
We've already established that unborn children are immensely valuable, and I believe that a woman who is responsible for creating this immensely valuable thing should not have the right to shirk this responsibility.
I've already stated that women have the right to control what goes on with their body, but I feel like the responsibility that they owe their unborn child usurps their right to do whatever the hell they want.
Of course this analogy isn't perfect by any means, but I think it accurately illustrates my belief that a woman's responsibility to her unborn child, which we've established is very valuable, can usurp her right to do what she wants with her body.
For the most part, these are things I never had before going vegan and I am a very young woman (23 years old).
However, I will concede that Black Females have a lower chance of leaving their field than white females in that respect.
Additionally, I think it serves a positive, balancing effect for men to see breasts in non sexual contexts when they are not being highlighted as an object of attention, just as a normal part of life.
Inpsired by [this](http://www.wjtv.com/story/24387425/brandon-man-arrested-for-making-moonshine) article here, I believe that it is completely outrageous that people who are making something at home for their own personal consumption (or even for sale) are locked up and have the wear the badge of an ex-felon for the rest of their life.
Thankfully there's no mention that the man died so I'm assuming he survived.
I believe that men and women should be held to the same standards in the workforce especially within these types of fields.
The issue i have is when a man and a woman having to do the same job when they're the same age have different fitness requirements.
Before I begin, let me say that I understand that TRP is at least superficially devoted to other things besides seduction techniques and discussing the validity of women's rights.
And I think that it's this kind of philosophy that really only exacerbates the problems that the TRP community perceives between men and women.
I really feel that boob jobs really don't improve the look of a woman, and I think that face lifts are actually freakish and scare me.
When girls like Lindsay Lohan get their lips injected I think it looks awful, and like an allergic reaction.
Background info: I'm 16, male, from NYC.
I'm familiar with the common argument that, you know, women aren't here to please men, that somehow asking a woman to smile is demeaning or degrading (?) or belittling.
So we've all heard the "women's right to choose" arguments on the topic of abortion and I get that.
**I have nothing against a woman's choice to do what she wants with her child, I just think you have to recognize that you are, in fact, depriving a future human of it future potential and that is not something that should be taken lightly**  
I believe that there is an oversimplification of biological sex that works to construct a system of a false binary between male/female, most aptly shown by the existence of intersex people.
I hold this view because of my identity as a transwoman and the identities of other gender nonconforming people.
Hearing a man saying "I'm Aquarius" over and over again does not good music make.
I don't believe a woman is "supposed to" stay at home, have kids, and take care of the house.  
I think two people should do whatever works for them, and I am all for women pursuing their own careers and being treated fair in the workplace, etc. etc.
I agree that it isn't fair that girls with multiple partners are shamed while guys are lauded for doing the same thing.  
Is it possible that said girl in the song is giving the singer mixed signals and part of his internal monologue includes him saying "I know you want it." ?  
And you can't just look at any woman and think to yourself "I know you want it."
I know several girls who have given me advice when at clubs stating that I should get on the dance floor and just grab a girl to dance with her.  
I've dated girls who wait for guys to make the first move and just want the man to take charge, perhaps even pinning them against the wall and kissing them, or whatever.  
But these women I've talked to are not unique in these views.  
I have dated a decent amount of women, and I have some female close friends.  
I often refer to women as chicks, or broads.  
When I feel it's necessary I use more derogatory terms that start with 'b' or 'c.'  I would call myself a feminist in the broadest sense - I believe women should be equal with men socially, romantically, and in the work place and that gender roles should be challenged.  
However, on reddit I often see men complaining about feminists.  
I think that most men that complain about feminists on reddit are losers who either can't handle women as equals, or because of rejection on the dating scene take out their frustrations against outspoken women.  
3) The one point that swayed me slightly was single dads losing their kids to the (unfit) mother just because they are male.  
But then I remembered that these kids of social gender roles (women as better caretakers) are exactly the kinds of things feminists are against too.
Sometimes I see posts that condemn both feminists and men's rights stuff or the red pill as equally bad.  
I believe anyone with a sense of empathy will see what I mean when I say that forcing a woman to endure such pain is literally torture, and that no one should be denied the most basic human dignity of not having their genitals torn in fucking half.
I often hear "tech-savvy" people talk about how games made by independent publisher, such as Mojang, Sqad and 2D Boy, will take over the market and replace large developers, such as EA, Activision and 2K. They tend to point at their growing market share and success of Minecraft as proof for their claims, and sometimes even predict that all large game developers will be gone within the next few years.
When I see a woman walk by with shorts and lots of cleavage I hear two responses or reactions:  
I'm just trying to see if there is another reason beyond that and why shirtless males is okay but not females.
Don't get me wrong, I am in no way transphobic and I entirely support trans* rights, etc.
Anyway, because most of the arguments seem to stem from sheer ignorance, I am left to believe that the male-led backlash against feminism is about something else.
I mean, that girl is going to be raped *against* her will (so, she has no freedom), and the rapist is raping her *freely*.
Don't get me wrong, I know porn can be harmful, but in all the years I've looked at porn, I've always steered clear of domination stuff, abuse, anything that's out rightly disrespectful to women.
In fact all I would do is look at stills, always natural, never those "super model" looking women with gross fake tits and faces.
I don't feel like they change my view of women in the real world, and have never craved/wanted to replicate anything I've seen in porn.
The only two "$100 million dollar men" that I know personally are extremely friendly, sociable, well-read, self-disciplined, and influential without being "alpha."
I believe that some of the negative traits that the group repeatedly associates with women as a whole are more likely just common, unisex traits.
I know a "rationalization hamster" that is a male.
I am a young, white male.
I have an equal number of male and female friends.
I saw a few posts in r/bestof from CMV and I thought it would be a good articulate my thoughts and provide a young (21 year old) male perspective.  
I recently had a series of discussions with a hardcore feminist about societal pressures and expectations for both genders, male and female sexuality, rape culture, etc.  
My biggest beef with feminism is that I believe it creates a sort of “ideal narrative” that women should conform to.  
I am not saying ALL women relate to this idea.  
I absolutely, 100% believe a man should NOT continue to escalate when it is clear his advances are unwanted.               
Even those who will admit it and accept and study the field of Evolution (and I mean actually do it, not just be a god damned neckbeard parroting Carl Sagan, as much as I love the man and Cosmos myself) only admit it tangentially.
Please note I am 100% okay with woman breastfeeding in public as long as they are discrete however the woman you see completely topless with their full breast exposed as they massage it in complete view of everyone at the public pool or whatever other venue they enjoy doing this in is indecent and could easily be taken to a private room or simply covered with a towel.
I was at the public pool a woman was breast feeding her child IN the pool with her bathing suit top pulled down so that her breasts were exposed.
I think woman should be allowed to breastfeed wherever they want but must do it in a logical and discrete way.
I think that when a girl has a broken family, especially no dad or step dad, their values of a family is not as strong as one that was brought up with a dad and mom.
I feel like they will always have some sort of hatred towards men because their dad left.
I also feel like they purposely set the standards too high in their male partner so that they will almost never be met and they always have something to complain about &amp; have a way out of things.
by 2070 I'll be an old man, I don't want to have to watch my kids bury their kids because I really freaking liked pizza, I don't get why everyone doesn't feel this way.
Edit: To clarify, when I mean it's less enjoyable, I don't restrict that to pure physical pleasure, the opposite in fact, I wouldn't mind if I have a sexual session without an orgasm, it's being with a women that's more attractive to me.  
I don't believe the lives of children and women should be treated as more important than the lives of men.
Often times in the news I see stories that treat the deaths of children and women as if they are more important then full grown men.
I find this acceptable when the event was targeting children or women, but when there's say a natural disaster it comes off as the media discarding the men who also lost there lives.
Now, I would never advocate for being allowed to ban women from these jobs.
I understand that there are physical differences between men and women, but you know what doesn't understand that?
A fire isn't going to say "Oh, the firefighter is a female, let me put myself out."
A couple of points on the possibility that some tests are unfairly biased towards men and have no merit in measuring job ability were well argued and definitely had me thinking; however, I remain unconvinced that we should change the physical standards for the sole purpose of opening the door to more female candidates, nor that gender diversity in these fields is important enough to risk employing unqualified individuals, male or female.
I think that women who go to clubs to sleep around are sluts and easy.
Women who go to night clubs with dirty intentions are disgusting to me.
I would not want women like that to interact in any way with my boyfriend, or appear in any way in my social circle for that matter.
Guys who read this might have a hard time understanding me, but try to imagine yourself in a woman's shoes.
It would seem to me that most women are more interested in how they will appear to be with someone rather than actually being in love.
(Women I am not trying to be an asshole here, just unbiased, I understand there are more to people then physical looks)
What I mean is that as a society approaches equality, the tools feminism provides for the empowerment of women become increasingly less useful and ineffective.  
I would suggest this is due to the fact that Republican women tend to reject the *Woman As Victim, Male As Victimizer* model of feminism, and instead see themselves as true equals of men -- every bit as capable of acting on their ambitions and pursuing their will to power as men are.
I don't expect this to change any time soon, nor do I expect women to make any significant advances as a class, until the slave-morality of feminism is set aside and a new philosophy, a philosophy of the *Uberfrau*, develops to take its place.
I want to argue that this common response prevents needed discussions of masculinity by drawing the focus back to femininity and women.
I believe that men are more confined than women by gender roles, and that if we continually approach that fact by attempting to change "femininity" and not "masculinity," we will fail to facilitate change.
EDIT: I should note that by "acts like a man" (etc.)
I of course mean "the traditional man"; NOT that "all men do or act this way."
; I think the issue I have with your argument is that "men can't act like women" actually is to a large extent a simple subset of "men can't be weak".
I don't mean to take this to an extreme, but I think it's more true that weakness is unacceptable for men than that feminine strength is unacceptable for men.
I'm bringing this up right now because a girl I know (17), already has one kid, continuously posts Facebook updates about how high she's going to get/ how wasted she currently is/how much she needs her cigarettes and can't stand when she runs out.
This theory of history, mostly developed by Marxist, I feel is more plausible than history that mainly points to the will and ideas of great men, when history really lies in the great swaths of the plebs.
I am a 21 year old female.  
If a slut is a girl who has a lot of sex, I'm a slut.
A little background: I was at the store the other day and noticed an elderly and kyphotic male with a walker slowly walking from the back of the lot.  
Out of the remaining 18, I counted 10 individuals who appeared to be under 30 and in good health (7 female, 3 male), 7 individuals who were overweight/obese but walked fine (6 female, 1 male), and 1 pregnant woman.
I think that it does not matter who died: old people, little children, men, women, vegetarians, heterosexuals etc.
I work as an personal assistant for a wheelchair bound man and I'm kinda struggling to find my motivation.
Hey guys, I'm trying my best not to come off as a misogynist, but I do in fact believe that women have too much power in social situations.
I have personally been rejected to the point where I'm convinced that women like to watch men suffer by rejecting them.
I'm not a dick, I do my best to be nice, I don't push or coax girls and I respect their boundaries.
I want to believe that women aren't demons.
Also I've noticed that pop culture is **extremely** sexist, and no I don't mean it's only male chauvinism, but in some cases it's extremely female chauvinist.
Now whilst I appreciate all the men and women serving overseas and respect the things they do, I think that the reports of their deaths is not necessary.
The idea that a woman should not visit india because of high incidences of rape is absurd, and the only way I can fathom it is because of racism, including a media which portrays Indians as an 'other', with backwards customs and practices.
in my life I have seen a great many things that I hold as the evils of capitalism from the homless man on the street corner to the environmental devastation all around each one of us.
I'm a girl.
I have babysat and hung out with many other girls my entire life.
While I'm sure there are stories of girls being influenced by Barbie's appearance, I can assure you that they are few and far between.
But where it really irks me is when they demand to be called by gender-neutral pronouns like "they" instead of "he" or "she".
    "I really want to be able to look at women as people but whenever I see a pretty woman in a nice car, I automatically assume someone bought it for her.
When I see a woman out shopping, I wonder what her spouse does to afford her these privileges. "
I know some girls who are very smart, but they're not on the level of the smartest guys I know.
I also know some girls who are very physically fit but once again they cant compare to the fit men I know and research agrees with both of these points. "
This ideology can vary from the pettiest, smallest things like the situations I listed above, to more serious and aggressive behaviors such as a generalized violence against women in households, or forcing women to stay at home raising kids with no opportunity from their partners to seek financial independence.
In all due honesty, most of the women in this country are not really doing much to change my ideas (I'm not saying that they have to, but rather that their behaviors reinforce all those sexist stereotypes, inevitably so, as we've all been raised inside a sexist nation), by either fitting the stereotypes almost perfectly or using their gender as a mean to get benefits or escape certain situations (such as the "chivarly" most, if not all, of them demand.
Personally I think chivarly is based on the idea that women are weaker, and therefore a man must do the hard job for them).
These girls will then be confronted by the pimp, and the pimp will say, "how are you going to pay me back?"
I understand animals don't have the capacity to reason like we do (although evidence points to even that being debatable), but nobody claims that because I have the ability to feed a homeless man that I have a duty to do the same.
Given that I don't think it's morally obligatory, I don't necessarily feel compelled to become vegetarian or vegan because it's not a cause I care enough about (I know I made mention of the homeless man and not being obligated to help, but for those of you who are curious, I think the global poor are far more deserving of attention than the treatment of animals and of you're curious, I recommend Thomas Pogge's book, *Politics as Usual*).
Or even worse I've heard it stated that it's as a result of a "hatred of women".
It's extremely circumscribed and I agree it's definitely something worth addressing, as I imagine it's a huge reason behind the increased amount of depression and suicide among our men and boys.
To suggest it's because of a "hatred of women" (which some people seem to understand by patriarchy) saddens me though, I mean you could equally (though admittedly not as severe) say there is a hatred of men because women are shamed for being strong, to not have androgenic hair, to not to be sexually aggressive etc etc.
On feminist boards when making this point, I'm usually assumed to be male (that's a whole other problem) and/or just downvoted to oblivion.
I'd love to hear some actual reasoning and rationale behind this, that my view might actually *be* changed, because it's genuinely upsetting to be on the outside of this, but people just appear to accept the concept blindly and don't delve into its basis, perhaps due to the historic oppression of women or their own bias, I don't know.
I've dated a handful of girls and after getting to know them, the majority of them admitted to me that they've kissed other boys and since I knew them pretty well at that point I was able to move past it
I'm not with anyone right now and I feel very limited by the fact that I'm not interested in dating or potentially marrying a girl that has had sex, even if they look back on it as a mistake.
And since it's related to the topic; I have never had sex, never kissed a girl, but I have gotten physically close to some of them.
I'm a 23 year old 186 cm white male who weighs 65 kilo.
I suspect that males may need more Taurine than non-pregnant non-lactating women, as Taurine is used in muscle repair.
Most view it as a woman suppressing, backwards way of thinking, but I submit that the teachings are actually harder on the men than they are on the women.
I'm sure the vast majority of people would accept this as well, this is a simple straw-man argument to convince people to not allow such a measure to occur.
I was driven to write this when I learned on Jimquisition that there are two fresh new incidents of women in the game industry receiving rape threats for speaking their opinions.
Disclaimer 1: I play a lot of video games, so I'm not some rambling old man yelling at the kids to get off my lawn.
When I talk about toxic gamers, I am referring specifically to the people who start flame wars online, harass people on their headsets, and send rape threats to women they disagree with.
Please correct me if this is a straw-man.
I believe if you look at the current Libertarian Party, and look at the U.S. Constitution, and the quotes and works of men such as Ben Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, Thomas Paine, John Adams, etc. you will find that they are incredibly aligned ideologically.
I know a girl who is borderline obese.
Thirdly, at least to me, women always look better in videos.
When I'm bring totally forthright, I say that the wedding industry is about leveraging the princess inside a woman's heart against the wallet inside a fathers pocket.  
I also say that I don't suppose that every woman wants a wedding like this, but the ones that do will almost entirely fit the description above.    
From what I know, when you throw away Styrofoam or other man-made compounds, they languish in the environment for 10,000+ years without decomposing.
One girl I know is receiving near full-tuition from 'need based' financial aid.
Another girl I know buys designer clothes all the time.
Another girl I know is super rich, but her parents recently sold their company so it looks like they are literally receiving $0 income.
Only one girl I know has a familial situation where she actually gets financial aid because she needs it (single mother of 6 children; yea, they need aid).
I even find that the guitar sounds and the majority of male vocals are all overly similar.
Though there are exceptional cases, I find that the lyrics are shallow (girls, rides, beer dirt roads etc)
And while I don't condone wiping out 52% of the species, I believe that being a female human is a hinderance.
I agree that the media sexualizes women to an obscene degree, and I'm sure that that has deleterious effects on the psyche of both males an females.
I think that both the violent rapist and the frat guy who pressures a girl into getting wasted at a party and then has sex with her while she's semi-/unconscious know that what they're doing is wrong.  
I believe that dehumanization of women through sexualization in media is a much smaller factor, and that media influence alone cannot take a boy who grew up in a healthy and supportive family and turn him into a rapist.  
I believe that the reality of a fight is much more ugly and that the physical differences between a woman and a man cannot be overcome by a casual study of martial arts.
Maybe I'm just being paranoid, or don't understand the subtleties of the disease, but to me ADHD seems like a white, middle-class male disease that is diagnosed to make parents worried about their children's future cough up a lot of money to cure their natural youthful hyperactivity.
and I hate that I judge these girls so quickly.
“It seems like, to me, a vagina—as a man—would be more desirable than a man’s anus.
As an intro, I will state that I am a straight male, who was raised Catholic but considers himself agnostic, and who fully supports the movement for LGBT couples to have the same rights to and privileges from marriage as heterosexual couples do.
Background: I'm a 24 year old danish male, finishing my masters degree in electrical engineering.
I would also, sometimes in those same comments, see things like "all christians hate women/gays".
I'm sure this has been kicked around a bit, but I'd like my view potentially changed, seeing as I have been dating the same girl for over a year.
I have a gf that I love and could see myself living with) is if I happen to find a woman who makes significantly more than I do, which would help to mitigate some of the financial risk involved.
Don't know how to change it, but I meant something like, "As a western man, in a society that permits premarital sex/cohabitation, I see no reason to get married.
I often hear the refrain “man, if only people cared as much about things that really matter as they do about the latest Call of Duty game or how many points LeBron James scored”.
It's just that i've seen darker complexioned people of my race get shit on daily, especially the girls.
For example, I know a lot self-proclaimed Feminists who view nearly everything as an attack on women.  
I'm all for choice for women but I've been reading some old posts where some people compare an abortion with having a mole or a tumor removed...
India, shockingly, the land ~~of~~ which wrote the Kamasutra, and the land respectful of transgenders historically, has now gone all ape-shit and is about to dictate what I should do in my bedroom...
I did not even begin talking with the subjugation felt by women under the perverted manipulations of Islamic beliefs...Imagine half the world, especially western women who are so used to the freedom they get as equal adults, and who still manage to **NOT** become 'slutty immoral whores who just want sex', and men who look at these beautiful women but 'manage to tame the rapists inside them', being 'controlled' under various laws meant to protect their purity and other noble causes.
Now, I don't think this is the type of society we should be living in, but seeing this sort of discrimination between men and women, calling it wrong, and trying to fix it by imposing quota is not the answer.
I feel that if you were born a man then no amount of estrogen injections or plastic surgery can turn you into a woman, and vice versa for females.  
I believe that "transwomen" and "transmen" are simply people that have had extensive body modification surgery and that is it.
Almost every anti-circumcision male I've met in real life has not been circumcised, and every pro-circumcision male has.
Yes, it is a bit, but for the sake of this argument I'm going to ignore the odd anti-circumcision, circumcised male who's pissed off at his parents for going through with the op when he was a baby, or the pro-circumcision male that doesn't want to have the op himself (does that happen?).
I am a circumcised male living in a predominantly uncircumcised area in the UK.
But I think the same goes for males who are *not* circumcised.
When I was 18, I had a sexual partner, but a lot of my friends at the time were virgins, yet they'd often tell me how better sex feels for uncircumcised men.
Yes, I am likely to stand up and say "hey, circumcision isn't that bad" whenever physicality is brought into the discussion *because I am circumcised*, but it's easier for uncircumcised men to argue against something that isn't a part of them.
A marriage is a marriage is a marriage, I don't care if it's a man and a woman, a man and a man or a woman and a woman.
I know there is a significant lack of women within the hard sciences, which seems to be a symptom of a larger sexism problem.
While I do not support the views or actions of the Nazi party, I believe people view Adolf Hitler as the definition of absolute evil while forgetting that he was only one man.
* by "financial abortion" I mean the commonly proposed "opt out" whereby men can sign a paper and waive all rights to a child before it is born.
I'm not a Catholic or particularly informed on the reasons, but from my googling it seems the reasons are "Christ was a man and picked men to be his main disciples" and "Historically it wasn't done."
I think these are terrible reasons to keep women from doing anything.
I think the Catholic Church isn't going to be a relevant 21st century organization until they change the fact that women cannot attain the same status of men in the Church.
I have heard that men can potentially experience problems with their foreskin if they don't clean/take care of it properly, but it seems like this is not a big enough problem and does not occur enough to warrant circumcising infants.
I'm aware that typical boys and girls are raised in completely different ways and while this may be a problem in itself I'm just talking about the current attitude towards women in games.
I had my friends who were the same way and we were seen as the weird kids that popular boys would make fun of.
By the time I'd finished university games were only just coming around to becoming acceptable for boys in general.
Women still treated me like a loser for stating it was an enjoyable pastime for myself and I'd even catch a lot of flak along the lines of "Why don't you do something more productive with your time?"
So now that games are mainstream and popular, and somewhat cool, I notice a lot of women are legitimately enjoying games.
But I also find that they don't like the existing culture that has arisen because it has been an "All boys club" from day one.
So I think that over time yes this will change but it's mostly the fault of women* in the years gone past for treating your average gamer like shit.
I mean the average age of the gamer varies between 28-35 but it's always male.
I think it's about the same as using a crib sheet or making a peep hole into the girls' locker room (this is an inexact science, obv)—a very human flaw that makes you roll your eyes and frown.
I am a female who has a guilty pleasure of fanfiction.
As a result, it is something I similarly judge other females for (and, I imagine, I would also judge males for, although I have not encountered that particular situation).
For example, I have seen a car with the bumper sticker "Got yaoi?" on it, and I totally judged the girl...but also felt kind of jealous.
I guess at the time, I was a teenage girl though, so refer back to the previous point.
As a proudly left-wing individual (and a gay man) this situation disturbs me quite intensely.
So, this is a pretty popular topic on Reddit, and personally, as a male, I don't believe men should have the right to abandon their child.
I commonly see it proposed as a matter of balancing the birth control rights of women to have an abortion, but I see this as flawed.
Secondly, it is commonly said that the "man's choice" is whether or not to have sex, and I actually agree with this.
Sexual intimacy is able to be achieved through means other than vaginal intercourse, so I personally find no value in an argument that telling men this is punishing them for their sexuality.
Pregnancy and parenthood are extremely taxing on individuals, and I can sympathize with men who suffer in circumstances that are beyond their control, but I fail to see how child abandonment serves to balance the situation.
**edit: after a day of arguing, I've changed my view that the choice to have sex isn't "the man's choice."
I don't believe there is anybody at Fox saying "this woman has good ideas"
I don't feel sorry for Tiger Woods ex-wife or any other women in similar situations.
I feel like a totally different person when i'm drunk, I can talk to people more openly, empathize with them more, I'm much more flirty (I've only ever kissed girls under the influence).
I get easily embarrassed and i'm scared of women despite me being a male in his 20's with a sex drive (drunk me is actually very brave around women).
I think the fact that there are entire TV networks, radio stations and publications staffed by adult men and women who exist solely to talk about how well other adults, and often teenagers play a game is ridiculous and borderline pathetic.
Especially as a female who has felt the pressure of double standards and unhealthy perspectives on sex, I think that schools have health class for a reason, and if they're going to address depression, PTSD, alcohol, and drugs, they should address this issue as well.
I think that if a man goes into prison for maybe 5 - 6 years after a serious crime he will learn more from it rather then a man that was in prison for 30 years and returns to society having it changed a lot.
I don't think that it actually promotes rape or misogyny, like some people say, but from my experiences men's rights activists are almost exclusively straight white dudes (who come from a usually privileged background) who just want to talk insult feminism.
I've noticed that most MRAs don't really know much about feminism, and think that it actually is "women trying to become dominant over men".
I feel like most MRAs don't really care much about helping men, and most of them believe that feminists somehow dominate politics, and that feminists are the ones responsible for unfair custody laws, the erasure of male rape, or the suspicions that men are all pedophiles.
I think that men's rights activists ignore that the cause of most men's issues arise from sexism.
I think the Men's Rights Movement is just a way for (straight, white) men to talk shit about feminists, and doesn't do anything to actually help men.
I view it as a pretty obvious fact that women are attracted to powerful men.
I'm not saying women are attracted only or primarily to jerks, but a jerk is probably going to have more success with women than your archetypal "nice guy," who ends up "friend zoned" because he displays no power.
I welcome anyone (man or woman) to try to change my view.
Yes its obviously men and women are different biologically me as a man can't get pregant, I have more testosterone in relation to estrogen and I tend to be stronger.  
When I hear this topic it typically is linked to stuff like women shop more then men, men like power tools, women are home makers, are dating norms and etc.
I think the whole men are from mars women are from venus just sells more books.
I am all for embracing differences nothing wrong with that but the whole thing celebrating men and women differences is just accepting generalizations and stereotypes which to me defeats the purpose of celebrating differences.
I'm a male, I enjoy speed and fun as much as the next guy.
(http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1skrv2/what_happens_when_you_get_hit_by_a_car_going_100/) about a  women killing a cyclist, and then learning she only recieved a 6 month sentence to a mental facility (from what I understand).
It is man's contribution to this warming that I'm hugely sceptical of.  
What I'd like to see, and couldn't find, is the C13/C12 ratio present in man-made carbon emissions.
I think the fate of my decision rests in getting the C13/C12 ratio for man-made carbon emissions, or maybe someone breaking that source down in a simpler way, I'm no scientist.
In summary, I would like traceable, accountable and sourced data that shows that man-made carbon emissions have directly contributed to the increase in average global temperature.
I don't think man's emissions are causing it at all.
But then again, I also believe in and am passionate about women's freedom of choice, and aware of how substantially a life can be altered by an unwanted childbirth.
I honestly feel that a Caucasian male who grew up in poverty is at a disadvantage compared to an African american women who grew up middle class.
I also think personally that any "war hero" in the US and the UK is just a terrorist in a foreign country, the way I think about it, is that the propaganda in the US and the UK makes you believe that the army is fighting for the greater good, but the reality couldn't be anything but the opposite, their leaders have hidden agendas and soldiers are nothing more than men stripped of their character and re-built to be killing machines that answer to their leaders orders without question.
**The US and UK culture based on how you should automatically give the highest respect to a military man is what I do not agree with, that is the view you are suppose to be changing, I know I covered a lot of topics and it may have been confusing to some, but please stay on the main and most crucial topic**
I hear women complain a lot about guys checking out their breasts.
A woman I used to work with had huge breasts and would often wear tanktops.
I don't think women have the right to be angry at men for looking at their bodies when they wear clothes designed to show off their bodies.
For instance, we feel like if there is a presence in our house, it's a man (I can't explain why I always thought this.
Based on the fact that nearly every gay male I know has some form of issue at home (that leans toward their mother), I feel that homosexuality is a result of one's environment growing up.
For example: After reading [this](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=is-your-child-gay), I couldn't help but think that the supposed inherent propensity that gay boys have to "dolls" and girly things as opposed to "machine guns" and such is not as a result of a biological affinity to the other, but rather a discrepancy in the environment their parents (likely the mother) put them in.
I can't help but think those calling him a terrorist, most of which are conservatives, simply wish to vilify an incredible and popular man because his political views and ideological teachings popularize anti-conservative ideas.
For example to show Mandela and his accomplishments respect southafricans have gathered in Johannesburg and sing traditional songs together celebrating that mandela lived, as for germany, where i am from the most traditional songs nowadays are written in sloppy German and deal with drinking and having sex with as many women as possible.
Before I begin I should state that I know men can be big assholes too, I am aware of this.
So I know that there are a lot of things I would have to fix to be considered "presentable" to females.
I have seen too many things to suggest that in fact trying to date one would be a total waste of time including people posting screenshots of fake profiles with average guys on dating sites and comparing them with reactions by the same women to ones with male models.
Men are just as bad I agree
but i'm not attracted to men so it doesn't affect me.
I know the counter argument to this is "women can get sex easily but struggle to get committed relationships" I call BS for two reasons, many guys will go into a relationship just so they can have regular sex and also on the flipside many women like having sex with no strings.
Now personally I feel too sleazy to use canned lines and using manipulation techniques however I do like using some of the tips on there as it has shown me the true nature of women.
I have seen far too many examples on those sites where women will completely drop their principles if a guy conveys enough "alpha chemistry".
Part of me really wants to believe that there are decent, well adjusted, quirky women who can make me laugh as much as I make her laugh and enjoy each others company whilst both being attracted to each other but I don't think I can trust women knowing what I know now.
I have always recognized that gender can be fluid and that it's possible to not consider oneself wholly female or male; it's not that I don't believe the people exist, it's that I don't feel recognizing every point on the gender spectrum is relevant.
I completely agree and wholeheartedly believe that people fall within a very diverse spectrum, the feeling that I did a poor job communicating isn't that this isn't true but that every little nuance of gender doesn't need its own word and I don't believe people should be expected to understand or accept non-binary genders.
I believe that being trans is real and that it should be accepted.
I've met my fair share of people who claim to be intergender, genderless, genderqueer, agender, bigender, or whatever word they choose to use because they have to have their own word just for themselves and without fail every single person has one thing in common: They explain their gender (or lack of it) by listing gender roles they do or do not fit.
but I'm masculine and aggressive and butch, but I'm not a lesbian either".
And so I see people who are "outside of the gender binary" as people who may not fit neatly into the "stereotypical man" or "stereotypical woman" box but who does really?
Not being interested in having/raising children, wearing dresses, shopping, shoes, looking pretty 24/7, dancing, parties, being social with other women, etc. doesn't mean I'm not a woman.
It just means I have different interests, just like lots of other women.  
I have yet to hear an acceptable definition of genderqueer or other non-binary genders that doesn't incorporate the very gender binary they say is inadequate.
I have nothing against gays or transgenders but for some reason I just cannot accept bisexuals.
I always hear that men get paid more than women for the same job, yet it's not like you see job offers with two different wages for men and women.
That said, I'm transgender, and people say the exact same thing to me.
Thinking you are really another species seems absurd to me, yet to many, the same goes for people that are transgender.
The idea of an old man giving me presents for being good was too nice of a reality to deny.
I try to imagine how it would be, hitting puberty and seeing all your friends be attracted to the girls in your school and you got the same feelings for small kids.
I know there was a passage about women not being allowed to speak in service, and there are plenty of violent passages too.
If the definition for women losing their virginity is when their hymen is broken, what about people where it breaks due to something other than sex (I've heard that this can happen to athletes or dancers and various other groups of people)?
I should preface this with women in North America and Western Europe.
To begin, I recognize that in certain situations, men have the leg up.  
Three, I can’t find the stat, but it would be very interesting to see whether the amount of men ceos / men going for ceo positions is higher than for women.   
It is nice as a man to not have to worry about being assaulted (however, I address this in point 4 below).
I’d argue that if women want to complain about  the glass ceiling, then they have to take this into account.
Three, although there is normative pressures for women with respect to sexual freedom, they are typically only held back by their own attitudes, although I concede that these attitudes are imposed on them by society.  
Although, I do concede here that while these are averages, I imagine the average middle-class women is more likely to experience violence compared to the average middle-class man.  
I’m just arguing that if you are going to focus on one group – men are currently the group that need the biggest change right now.
So, I've been around the block with women and I know how I operate with them.
The reason I find this to be so harmful is mainly that it enforces the idea of having sex to be the end-all achievement for males, no matter what.
I am a woman, and I was brought up to work hard and have a career.
Neither do I *necessarily* endorse the hierarchical relationships between men which so often result in pissing matches for the point of proving who is the better at being a 'man'.
Without sharing any spoilers for the show (which I recommend above and beyond all other shows), the interaction between the two men represents what I believe the relationship between two heterosexual men in Western society should be at its core.
I usually find those "10/10 girls" disgusting most of the time.
I believe that telling a woman she can use one organ (her brain) to make money, but not another organ (her vagina) is anti-american.  
I think there are many very dangerous jobs, like crab fisherman, stunt men, fire fighters, which are legal.  
Some people feel entitled to so many things other than sex.. Let me give you an example; Man buys woman drinks, takes her out to eat a lot, now feels like he is entitled to sex.
just in case anyone tries to play this card I'll say now I'm a white, male Canadian.
While I don't wish harm on anyone, I can feel no pity for a 40 year old man racing through streets like he was on a racetrack.
I see Ip Man listed constantly on Reddit as a great kung fu action movie, people go on about the amazing fight scenes, historical relevance, and moving story.
I also see people hark about Ip Man being relevant because historically, Ip was the mentor of Bruce Lee, but the style of fight scene shown in Ip Man, which was overly dramatic and physically impossible, was exactly the stereotype of kung fu that Bruce Lee fought (pardon the pun) to dispel in the film industry.
I can't speak for countries outside the US, but here, states without "romeo and juliet" laws will see 16 and 17 year old boys charged with statuatory rape for having healthy consenual sex with thier girlfriends who are within 1-2 years of thier age.
Preface: I'm a 23 year old woman.
I simply don't understand how I'm not supposed to view a girl in an outfit like the ones we typically see in a non-sexual way.
Maybe people downvote me so the girls who cosplay don't take offense and stop cosplaying, which would mean there's nothing to get off to, I don't know.
I simply see it as bringing the sexual fantasies of people, often men, to life.
Anytime I get into a discussion with someone who identifies as a feminist they go on to talk about how they believe in equal rights for all not just women pretty much the same as you would think of an egalitarian.
Of course there is still an unequal spectrum of rights towards women and of course there is an issue when there is negativity towards a movement just from the name, however through egalitarianism there could be, at least I feel, a much stronger push towards the equal rights that many people strive for.
It's probably relevant to most readers that I am a male, though based on my view the gender of the person with the opinion is irrelevant.
I honestly never seen a girl who was the very outgoing, going-out-regularly a week, fun/maybe party-ish type ever date the introverted, quiet mellow guy.  
I am obviously that type of guy and every time I'm with a girl who's very outgoing it's like I feel like I'm faded in the background, ESPECIALLy when it's in group settings.  
Extroverted people relish in that setting and I see it--both guys &amp; girls.
I admit that when I am on Okcupid, and I see a profile of a girl who looks like she is very extroverted and/or she goes out a lot, I feel slightly intimidated to message her because I'm not the type who likes to go out all the time and I honestly have little expereince, whereas I feel like she has a lot.  
All this hype of girls thrusting their butts on rap videos made me lose faith in my generation.
and I think that its made to please a man rather than an art to be appreciated by females...
so if someone (now, this is in my alternate little world where CP would be treated like regular talent scouting) approached me/my family and said "gee your boy there is quite a handsome guy, would he be interested in some intimate photography(or whatever term they would come up with) for $100/$1000?(not sure how much porn stars make) and if my mom and dad were like "well, it's up to spudmcnally" i would say HECK YEAH!
As of now I understand why bad 3rd ~~generation~~ wave feminists (I will use 3rd gens for short) do what they do, the idea of getting rid of the gender binary, gender equality, trying to raise women up to the same playing field within subtleties in culture, which causes 3rd gens to do absurd things and think they are doing some greater good (getting mad at nuances in language that are common in culture, "men at work" etc , tiny stupid things like that)  
In fact I have seen more victimization, anti male sentiment, and more toxic ideas come from this movement now than ever before.  
I agree with this, but in 3 years, if the now legal person wants to date the 38 year old man, they are perfectly free to do it.
I do have a handful of friends, a lot of them female.
I'm also far from misogynistic because I've had more female influence in my life than male influence.
TRP would consider me to be a "beta-male" and would say that my lack of relationships would probably do to me being a beta.
If a man is holding a detonator rigged to blow up a building with 1000 people in it, and the only way to stop him is to kill him, I see nothing wrong about taking his life.
If a man is about to take one innocent human life and I could stop him by killing him, I see nothing wrong with that.
I don't assault women or misbehave with them due to alcohol, nor do I embarrass my friends/family/girlfriend by talking random bs.
For example, I think that admission standards to the military should be the same for men and women.
However I do not believe that the adult industry, however commercialised and greed orientated some of the corporate level decision makers are, that there is any real and problematic exploitation of women.
Even in this unfortunate case, I feel that many of the women who later have the ability to find a different lifestyle often comment how grateful they were to have the adult industry to turn to and provide an easy and reliable means of making a living when they could find no other.
I believe, and please take me up on this if you disagree, that when stripped down and all sociological implied meaning and implicit value is removed that it is not at all different to say body builders selling their aesthetic value, boxers selling their bodily attributes value or models (female or otherwise) selling, and placing an intrinsic value their "god-given miracle" purely to their aesthetic value.  
I think women have a right to get an abortion if they really want to... and by that I mean the right to "Hire a doctor to perform an abortion, or in lieu of that, the right to chuck oneself down a staircase".
On a more touchy-feely and less precise level, I think the idea that women are somehow innocent victims of society and should be cared for (as though they're completely incapable of wiping their own asses) is a damn disease.
That's how I feel about all these efforts to help women; they go so far as to actually infantilize women.
EDIT: As further proof that the majority of reddit users think that women have the right to free contraception, I point you towards how many downvotes this has received.
I believe that quotas for women in higher management will do a good job at getting more women into higher management, because it will be illegal to do otherwise, but that does not change the situation for the better, here's why:
At first, I think it promotes wrong standards of who should be promoted, if someone does better, works better, or fits better in the team, they should be promoted based o what they do, not whether they are female or not.
secondly, I think it is discriminating against women and will reduce productivity, the women who got into higher management might be reduced to being a women, thereby encouraging sexism rather than fighting it.
I also think the owners of a company should be free to select whoever they wish to run the company, because they have to trust that person and know the necessary qualifications best, any quota, whether for women, men, or immigrants, or any ethical group are a restriction to that choice.
If I decide to live my life and die a miserable old woman, at the end of the day, I was completely miserable my whole life.
But when I see posts like this one in /r/morbidreality where this woman [loses her fiance](www.reddit.com/r/MorbidReality/comments/1rk4j7/the_picture_of_a_woman_that_just_learned_that_her/), the only thing I can think that she's thinking is "oh no, my future support so that I don't have to ever work a day in my life.
I have no trouble *attracting* women.
I can't think of anything else that might motivate a woman except protection in the form of him-as-a-bodyguard, free money from mooching, or whatever.
Prior abuse from mother/grandmother as a boy and figures that I tried to fill the void with (I.E. when I was unable to win my own bread) has filled me with the notion that a woman will abuse you/scorn you/hate you/beat you if you can do nothing for them.
Women recently have tended to treat me very, very well.
Despite that, I believe violence by men against women isn't *in any way* worse than other forms of violence.
To me, the unacceptability of violence against women is only so strong because of it's scarcity and the belief that women are weaker.
I hold this belief because I see no outstanding difference that causes women to be weaker than men.
People gang up and lash out against men committing acts in the context of those videos (One-on-one, and provoked), and I think that's what's wrong if anything.
Threads about when it's okay to hit women, when it's okay to call women sluts, and all topics more or less along this line of questions, always turn into bigoted discussions that amount to 'well if I can get hit then I can hit a girl!'
Don't get me wrong, I understand its a terrible experience, but I constantly see stories on Reddit about women who get raped and lose all self worth and slip into deep depressions for years, end up harming themselves, and have had to have weeks to years of therapy.
I saw a Reddit post a while back of a girl saying that she had gotten raped, wasn't all to affected by it, and moved on like nothing happened.
I just hear some stories of women who say "It's one of the worse things that can happy to a human being and I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy" and I can't help but disagree with that statement.
Recently, I've seen a few different stories that make a huge deal out of both of these terms being used in reference to women circulating around as if they were part of some misogynistic plan to suppress women.  
1.  I believe bitch is essentially the female version of asshole, used in similar context, and no more prevalent or suppressing to women than asshole is to men.
3.  Many of the same women I see protesting the use of the word bitch frequently make use of the word asshole in reference to men.  
Two wrongs don't make a right, but I believe the current campaigns are needlessly setting up women with a victim mentality.
4.  I don't personally use the word bitch in reference to a woman except in rare cases, such as when my ex hit me over the head with a vase or threw away my work laptop.
5.  I am frequently called an asshole by female friends that take offense to the word bitch.  
I remember reading that Nietzsche said "any man whose time is not two-thirds his own is a slave".
However, in recent years I've noticed the amount of discussion around things like women's body image, transgender rights and men's rights increase exponentially while issues like poverty, inequality, and climate change only emerge on my facebook feed occasionally.
I think this can happen to any group of people, including straight white males, if they are a minority, like in South Africa.
So, I believe that the above are reasons why straight white males are generally less open to dance, and are worse at it because of the infrequency.  
I worked at an inpatient children's hospital and the staff was about 95% women.
but when I casually brought it up in conversation with female staff, I was laughed off.
I believe that if feminists validated men's issues, regardless of whether they thought they legitimate issues or not, they would have a much better time getting men to validate their issues as well.
Duke lax bros), no matter how small the chance, I believe it would make men much more sensitive to the issues they personally believe are not reasonable but some women suffer from.
I think for feminism to really take a hold, men are going to have to embrace it, and as it's constituted right now, it seems like a lot of men dismiss feminism for myriad reasons.
I believe that the people who post there want women's equality, and are not radical feminists.
But if you want to get people off the fence and onto your side, or even from their side of the fence to yours, I think the most important thing feminism could do in their fight for women's equality is to validate men's fears and issues, regardless of how plausible they find them, because those men will in turn do the same to them,.
Once the discussion becomes how we can solve each other's issues and not who has the worst issues, men will come on board, which is the only way I believe feminism will work.
I also beleive the reverse applies, in the sense that men would have an easier time having their issues validated if they validated women's issues but since women's inequality is almost always described as men&gt;women, I chose those specific pronouns.
To preface, I fully support transgender rights, such as rights to workplace non-discrimination.
However, as a bisexual person, I do not want my desire for equality to be specifically lumped together with transgender people under the LGBT "brand".  
Transgender, transsexual, etc people can have their own movement, which again, I would fully support.  
Better than revenge, where Swift derides the girl in the song saying 'she's better known for what she does on the mattress' this is an issue I am passionate about, because it reaches out and affects so many other things, such as girls being derided for wanting birth control.
I have this problem with other artists, such as Robin Thicke (while I don't think the song is about rape, I feel like 'I know you want it' has a very rape-y feel and could easily validate someone's opinion that girls can deserve rape).
I believe women, if they hit men with intentions of harm, should be hit back.
Although the idea of getting some extra cash, and an ideal summer job, as a teenaged white female as a baby sitter, I feel it worsens diversity in our community promoting racism.
The other day as I was walking my dog down the street and saw two gay boys (happy young male children) frolicking in the spritz of a broken water sprinkler.
When I looked over to the sitter she was an elderly hispanic women.
Later that day I believe I saw the same women taking the bus home, dodging misjudgments and what could be racial slurs from tatted teenage boys.  
When I see teenage girls as sitters, it doesn't expose the children into a diverse environment thus promoting racism.
I believe that a man should pay the check if he wants to see the woman again on a second date.  
I think women have unfairly made men think that if they don't pay, they won't have any success with women.
From what I have heard, blue balls is caused when I man goes a long time with light ejaculating this causing his scrotum to fill to its limit with sperm.
However you tell a gay person to quit being such a girl or If I said your voice is really irritating in public I would be called out as being a homophobe, I might be being an asshole
NOT ONCE have I ever seen a good argument in favor of infant circumcision, or for treating male and female circ as two separate things; one far worse than the other.
I realize that polygamy *can be* a woman with multiple husbands, or several people in a same-sex relationship.  
First let me establish that I don't consider myself to be a gatekeeper on a secret boys club.
I think that girls who are morbidly obese should not be encouraged by the entire female community that they are perfect and don't need to change a thing about themselves.
So I guess men should pay agree to pay child support only if they want the child, but if the woman decides to keep the child and the man wants nothing to do with it, he just signs a waiver giving up all the rights he has to the child, and woman takes on full responsibility of financing her child.
Note the potential for it to be used as a psychological weapon, for example by promising (of course it's not a legal promise, but one built on trust) to father her children, and then bailing for the sole purpose of ruining her life (yes I'm saying the *basest* of men, please don't be personally offended that I think ordinary men would do this, I'm just talking about *potential* to be abused in the worst case scenario).
So I think what we need is a solution where men get equal say as to whether his child should be brought into this world or not.
I've very simply come to is that when both men and women consent to sex, given the type of contraception they're using, they are acknowledging their awareness of the reliability of that contraception method.
I still take the gamble every time I get freaky but thing is that I'm okay with aborting - but that isn't to say that my psychological response to an abortion reflects any other woman's or that it is not subject to change.
Every once in a while, people think I'm a hypocrite of sorts for being an ethical vegetarian, yet being for women’s right to abortion.
I think that straight men tend to be more homophobic towards gay men than women are, and I think that it's because men aren't used to unwanted sexual advances that come with a potential threat of violence.
I think straight men are used to not having to be afraid of sexual violence, so the existence and increased visibility of gay men causes them to react in "fear" and "disgust" out of their privilege.
"How could being a gay man be okay if they could harm me?"
I also recognize, and appreciate, that there are many straight men who are championing the cause of equal rights and who are not homophobic.
Edit: Just realized I didn't also mention that there are obviously also lots of women who are homophobic--don't want it to seem like I'm putting blame on men for this issue, just trying to put out my thought about a social factor that might play into the difference in perception.
This man is my grandfather, I watched him suffer for over 15 years until an infection in his lungs finally put a stop to it all.
I believe the Men's Rights Movement exists to maintain a status quo, and to support it over feminism is an attempt to silence discussions on women's issues.
To change my view, I would appreciate some evidence that the MRM caters to women's issues as well as men's (since feminism must constantly prove the reverse), and that it is dealing with issues that are otherwise not being dealt with by other advocacy groups.
If there were support in the MRM for non-masculine men I would probably be a member.
I don't mean objectification, like "I can point at any girl on the street and have sex with her because I own her body LOLOL".
All I mean is being able to at some point in my life find a girl to marry who is compatible with me, on terms that are equally respectful to both myself and her.
From my point of view (and from taking dating advice), I'd like to think that I have a lot of qualities that women would find attractive.
I actually have incredibly low standards, and my friends and family are often concerned at the quality of women I pursue (Are you sure?
I'm very social and meet on average 5-10 new women a week.
I'm dismissed offhand by the vast majority (which is fine, I'm sure that happens to everyone), and with the few remaining I always get the impression from their side that they're not quite sure, that I should be grateful that they're deigning to spend their precious time with me, and that I better work hard and display that I'm a quality specimen of a man worth dating.
I'm not a boring person, and physical appearance is only a small factor of what women find attractive (as opposed to men who are more inclined to only care about looks).
I asked a friend of mine who works at a gender-studies think tank "what atypical behavior would one expect from a genderqueer person?"
I mean I heard that that means you'd fuck anyone, Girl, boy, transexual, but isn't that what bisexual covers?
I don't see why we’re forced to analyse books about the depression and the roaring twenties (to kill a mockingbird, of mice and men, The Great Gatsby).
O.K. Can I marry 4 women?
NOTE2: Also, lets try and avoid personal attacks against me; I dont hate my fellow man, I have nothing against workers and I am not an elitist by any means.  
I believe this vulture like culture of moms only happens in upper middle class white women who have the free time to spend on caring how others raise their children and attempting to change their views on parenting aspects.    
The plea for equal rights, is bullshit because we already have equal rights, I can't marry a man.
When watching Alien people would exclaim "Man I'd *shit* my pants in that situation" or in Aliens they would cry "WHOO GAME OVER MAN BREAK OUT THE BIG GUNS" but would react exactly as intended to Alien^3 like they were in the movie.
Broadly I define this as a situation where a man has romantic or sexual desires for a women he socializes with, but those desires are not reciprocated.  
I believe this is the vast majority of cases, even some that men will write off as 'leading on.'  Think about it - it's almost as hard to reject someone as it is to be rejected.  
Therefore, outside of some confession of love from the man in this kind of situation, the woman doesn't want to create a scene by using strong language - 'I don't like you like that' - out of the blue because if she does she is the asshole.  
In fact I think men who complain about the friendzone are particularly effective in avoiding any situation which will lead to an outright rejection because it's emotionally painful.  
I shouldn't have to say it but a women doesn't owe a guy to sleep with him just because he is nice or offers her friendship or emotional support.  
I think that men who complain about the 'friendzone' or that 'girls don't like nice guys' are unfairly blaming women for their own poor social skills.  
I believe that every man, woman, and child should be aloud to use any word he chooses without fearing the consequences of the connotations.
So I'm talking hear about girls/women who way clothes with plunging cleavages, booster bras, short skirts and the like.
Many times I have seen the culprit throwing a tirade of abuse at both guys and girls who gave either looked to long or made a pass at them.
Essentially I am looking for someone to explain why a girl or woman has the right to dress in a manner that is so sexual and yet forbid anyone from looking.
The "I want him to look like his dad" and the "I want him to look normal for girls" arguments hold no weight because they can choose to have the procedure done at a later age while giving full consent as an autonomous individual.
I don't think there will be equality in the world until we start treating everyone *equally* instead of, say providing a bunch of high school seniors with scholarships that only apply to Native American girls and have no scholarships that only apply to Caucasian/white boys.
If, upon entering the afterlife, my very being is altered into one incapable of causing distress to my fellow man, then can that resultant being be truly considered *me*?
I am still a virgin at 19 (still young I know, but still), I've only been kissed once, but that girl dumped me without explanation around the same time my step father committed suicide.  
I've tried to meet up with some women since I moved to university, but around the time I go to meet them, they cancel, and I blame myself.  
Just a little background: I am a female in my early twenties.
I believe that looking at another woman "in lust" is a moderate version of cheating on your girlfriend with her.
I have heard stories of saints, men and women, so totally dipped in God's love that they overflow with compassion and lighten up the world around them, people like Kabir, Meera, Tukaram, Dnyaneshwar, Mukta, Ramanuja, Haridas.
Feminism seems to me to be about acquiring equal legal rights for women...
I understand that women face prejudice, but so do guys, albeit in a different manner.
I also think people judge women more harshly than men when it comes to physical appearance.
I mean, there aren't trillionaires (I mean shoot, my spell check is pinging me for that, is it even a word yet?), the richest man I can think of is worth roughly 50 billion, and a large portion of that wealth isn't something you could use to pay the debt down with.
I'm tired of all the bad writing, rape scenes, references to rape, gang rape, threats of rape, senseless nudity, high percentage of female characters who are prostitutes, sexual assault on any character but especially those who are minors, constant references to a non-gender-conformist character as ugly and homely, and above all, the defense of all of these tropes by otherwise reasonable people.
I was having a discussion with a few friends yesterday and I mentioned that I think it's a major failure of the educational system that members of younger generations are largely uninformed about the history of manned moon landings.
My friends were extremely offended by this and told me that it doesn't matter if people know which countries have sent men to the moon as long as they know that humans have been there.
I also believe knowing the United States is the only country so far that has sent people to the moon is crucial to a complete understanding of American history, especially considering that schools tend to spend a lot of time focusing on the civil rights movement, which occurred around the same time as the manned moon missions.
I don't think it is disrespectful to tell Christianity that woman should be treated as equals despite the bible clearly taking the other approach
I don't think its wrong to question Middle Eastern Cultures that make their woman cover themselves and treat them like second class citizens.
I think Politically Correct behavior has gotten so out of hand that the fact it is Politically incorrect to stand up against the abuse of women etc because their culture/religion is different
Today I overheard a conversation between a woman and an elderly gentleman.
The woman said something about an election, to which the man said: "I'm 82 years old and in the last 30 years, I've never..."
When I was young, I was an alter girl.
First of all, I would like to elaborate with some pretext: There is nothing inherently "less" about women.
However, based on my experience with the world, my knowledge of history and literature, leads me to believe that women are inferior.
This, I think, is largely due to living in patriarchal societies that put the wrong sorts of emphasis on the female character which far too many females subscribe to.
EDIT: I should clarify that women are *collectively* inferior.
I want to think differently but I don't think someone who took someone's life should be able to take the easy way out (like the guy who killed himself after kidnapping those two girls) by simply having jail time or killing themselves.
As far as I can tell, there are absolutely no adverse affects for males, and I believe that the general audience of reddit is completely overreacting to the application.
Guys objectify women all the time, and I don't doubt there is a similar app out there for guys that hasn't been "found" yet.
Biracial children must also contend with prejudice/discrimination from people who stand at all ends of the racial divide; I remember knowing a half black/half white girl in high school who was throughly mistreated by black students and rejected by most of the white students.
One of the reasons people believe men should be able to do this is because  a woman is able to though abortion, however I believe that comparing the two is stupid.
I'd like to mention that I believe the current ways things are handled are definitely in need of improving, I do not know how to improve, but giving men the ability to simply walk away from it all makes it even more unfair for women then it is currently for men.
I'm gotta man up and not give a shit
&gt;&gt;To the males and people who don't use make up, when it comes to make up addiction, I won't deny that there are indeed people out there who will sacrifice their daily needs such as food, for purchasing make up accessories.
To that end, I think that people who are extremely narrow-minded "I want a guy who is romantic all the time, and has a great job, and loves kids and dogs and iguanas, and is smart and is funny and is a great cook and doesn't have problems with depression and is good looking," or the male equivalent: "I want a girl who agrees with me all the time, has big boobs and a tiny waist, wears makeup but can get ready in 5 minutes, and likes monster trucks," are people that may luck out, but most of the time change their views to my side in time.
I am a man but I've been an ardent femininist for my entire life, and it pains me to see ridiculous and often ill-informed opinions on one of society's most prevalent issues.
Any legitimate, academic discussion of feminism acknowledges that gender constructs affect men to a great degree, and I've yet to meet a single educated feminist who would disagree.
The men's rights movement (which I truly hope only exists on the internet) is unnecessary.
Where feminism seeks to tear down the ideas of being male and female, men's rights activists (or should I say, soapbox preachers) seem to do nothing but boost male egos.
I don't think I'll be converted out of feminism, but please CMV about the legitimacy of men's rights.
In fact, you are a producer - working for the man - a good majority of the time, I'd guess.
Patriarchy theory (in every definition I've ever seen) makes the claim that men have power (or more power) over women.
(I know it was literally written by man)
But anytime a girl mentions her goal is to start a family or have a kid, I NOPE out of there immediately.
Women like this make me feel like I'm just a stepping stone to getting what they really want.
This fact scares me, making me think that even if I find a "sane" girl, she'll turn into one of these crazies when the thing pops out.
But women's complete, unquestionable prioritization with the things scares me.
When I went to college in New England, it seemed that a lot of how I was raised and what I was taught was being put into question-- particularly my views on women.
I was taught to treat women with the utmost respect, as if they were my own mother or sister.
I entered and turned to see if there was anybody I should hold the door for, and there was in fact a girl that was walking toward the door but in that awkward distance where you're not sure if you should just continue inside or wait.
I decided to wait, and the girl rolled her eyes and said, "What, you don't think women can open a doors for themselves?"
All this to say, I come from family with strong, outspoken women and believe that women should have equal rights and opportunities as men.
Because I don't respect the women I've met who are "feminists."
To me, they were bitter women who had personally horrible experiences with men that bled into every interaction they had with other men.
I think the most dangerous thing about heightism, particularly among men in the dating world and work place, is how much many sub-consciously see them as inferior.
I feel that the viewer should be more focused on the amazing ability that the men and woman participating in the event hold, rather than the desire for a specific side to be victorious.
It seems to me it's much easier for a guy to put on a condom right before sex, than for a girl to take a pill every single day of the month, making sure she refills it on time so it doesn't disrupt her cycle.
I am aware that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but it's just as important to realize that popular opinion matters, and if 99.9% of straight men would rather have sex with Marilyn Monroe than a broomstick, I think we can fairly say that Monroe is the objectively more attractive sack of carbon atoms, even if each individual opinion is subjective.
Whites, of course, have the palest skin of any large group of humans, and I believe this acts almost as a superstimuli by which white women are more attractive for having such pale skin, even when pale skin no longer indicates that they are upper class.  
Despite the stereotype of black women being less attractive than black men, there are actually more black women examples I can think of: Beyonce, Rihanna, Kerry Washington, Halle Berry, and Zoe Saldana.
I thereby deduce that, in terms of equality, women's wages (or other benefits), should be reduced by the monetary value of maternity leave.
What I do know is that feminism is a large, diverse collection of thousands of different viewpoints and attitudes centering around women's issues in society, and considering how women are at least half of the population, it is extremely important.
Based on what I've studied of the movement, the word "feminism" is synonymous with "female empowerment."
"I don't like female empowerment because it just turns women into man-haters."
"I don't like female empowerment because they're too bitchy."
"I agree with female empowerment, I just don't like the *word* female empowerment."
"I don't believe in female empowerment.
  I feel that focusing on women's issues will *lead* to egalitarianism, hence the two are compatible.
  I've pointed out several times in this thread that feminism *does* care about men, but the thing is, it doesn't have to.
As I said, you can acknowledge women's power without diminishing men's.
I agree that things should be equal and that at some point women will have to surrender their privilege, but based on my understanding of the facts as stated above, women are the disenfranchised group, and the impetus to change has to come from the group in power.
The fact that a female-centric movement is so controversial simply because it is female-centric suggests a male-centric society to me.
I am a male college student.
Also, it makes me even more crazy when I see girls crying over their ex-boyfriends who they only dated them for about 2 days.
I feel that she is more at fault when compared to a girl who gets raped when completely sober because the first girl consciously gave up her ability to fight back.
I may have some trouble articulating this but I am a young male in my early 20's who came from a neighborhood where the life expectancy is about 17 and has experience many hardships physical, economical, and psychological.
While I have many qualms with contemporary feminism (i.e. it's a movement that preaches gender equality and freedom of expression but acts to tarnish those same principles when met with dissenting opinions), I think some of the ideas it purports have a basis in fact (i.e. the right for a woman to choose over her own body).
These are all women who built their own wealth, and I'd argue they jumped through as many hoops and obstacles as man in a similar or even identical situation.
I am also a still growing, underweight (but fit) girl.
This should include things like "I believe in free speech, including the right to criticise all opinions, political views and religious beliefs", "I believe the government should protect freedom of worship for all religions, and treat members of all religions equally" and "I believe men and women should have the same rights in law".
I'm an 18 year old girl and I want to be in love someday-I really do.
I really dislike the man and would like to see him go, which is why I'd like my view changed.
The principle of the thing is more important to me, though, and my principles right now tell me a democratically elected man shouldn't be forced to step down simply because of what drugs he uses on the weekends.
I don't know if the doctor that this girl was treated by was out of his mind, but this entire thing has me wary about vaccines.
I knew the girl, and she really did get the vaccine and really did pass away from leukemia.
I believe that a typical sexual assault begins with a man deciding that he would like to have sex with a particular woman, and that woman not reciprocating.
But I do believe that many rapists are motivated primarily by an urge to have sexual intercourse with a woman who doesn't reciprocate.
I would also like to keep the focus on cases where the rapist is a man and the victim is a woman.
rapes are acts of violence which are (maybe, I don't know what motivates them) motivated by a desire to subjugate women (and men) and exert dominance.
These cases are touted by those who hold view that I mentioned as evidence that rapists are monsters who seek only to limit the sovereignty of women.
I believe that my view is supported by Occam's razor when you consider that men often want to have sex with women who don't want to have sex with them, and men often take things by force when they believe that they can get away with it.
These are extremely common; I know several girls who have been victims.
On the subject of taking the husband's surname, I actually feel more strongly against it than just boarderline unproductive, it's almost disrespecting the woman.
7. You may say this is a act the girl takes to show devotion to me, but what about me?
Like normally with cultural practices that arent good or bad, I would allow it depending on if I'm okay and if the other person is okay, but this cultural practice is straight-up shitty to me; I just cant allow it (not that I have any power, the girl is her own person, she can do what she wants, I explain why it's fucked up... it's not to the point where I will literally step in to stop it.)
I believe that alimony should never be paid unless the woman was forced into staying at home.
I don't understand how you could argue that a man/woman who has a child with someone and stays with that someone isn't a better judge of character than the man/woman who has the kid and then breaks up.
When I was serving I failed to meet a single female that could achieve a perfect score on our fitness test.
Later on I fought professionally in mixed martial arts and never saw a women who could beat a man of equal levels of training.
How can I believe that women will ever achieve the same physical successes as men?  
I read on an askreddit earlier, about "ruining my child's life" about a girl who found out she was almost aborted.
I know that its "just not how it works" and women find it attractive when men pays on first date.
50% readers of this post will be women and who probably wouldn't agree with me.
well when I see girls nowadays, they are wearing a whore's uniform, no wonder they are getting attention."
Reducing the standard work week from 40 -&gt; 30 hours would mean a 33% increase in people who must be employed to get the same number of man-hours out of the workforce (note that I don't believe productivity is directly and naively proportional to man-hours anyway).
Like the title says, I thought to myself the other day, and realized I'd completely forgotten why I think climate change (man made) is a myth.
However, I'm a white female and realize that I cannot POSSIBLY fathom how some people might feel about this.
However, I don't see why people get so upset if someone wants to be an Indian warrior or a Geisha girl, or anything else that is from another culture, but that does not portray it in a negative light.
The vaccine was for HPV, which I guess is a fairly recent development for males.
I'm also not talking about whether or not it's okay for a man to give up his seat for a woman just because she is a woman.
If a man or woman did that for me, I would be delighted.
I'm talking specifically about the EXPECTATION, mostly by women, for men to give up their seats for women just because they are women.
and I would have to stand, she'd complain about how no men gave up their seats for us.
I never had a problem with standing and had never even thought about a man giving up his seat for me until my mom mentioned it.
Since then, I've noticed many women complaining about having to stand when "there's plenty of men that could give up their seats for us."
It would be so much cooler if we could just equally be expected to give up our seats for people who obviously need a seat; and if someone, man or woman, who isn't injured but has been on their feet all day and their feet are hurting, they can call out "My feet are killing me, would anyone mind letting me have a seat?" and then someone, man or woman, will be pleased to give up their seat for him/her.
I'm not sure how popular this view is, and I have a feeling this is really just an argument against people who act like the straw men we imagine in our heads.
I feel that this criticism towards these women is unfair and unnecessarily mean.  
However, I do believe that that music helps impressionable young men gain values or the beliefs that gangs, violence, drugs, and sex are okay.
I am a white male, a senior in college and about to go into the working world.
Plus I read that blue eyed men prefer blue eyed women.
so i see a blue/green eyed guy/girl sort of settling for a brown eyed person.
I feel the word 'feminism' implies tackling equality issues that adversely affect women - and this has some historical truth, but modern feminists take pains to distance themselves from this.
* I am a man, and men have urinals, and most urinals flush without me having to touch anything.
I'm not saying to make laws or anything, but it seems to be the only solution for this issue is that men are not allowed to approach women who have had a drink for sex, which is entirely unrealistic, instead of realizing that sometimes people make stupid decision when they're drunk and they'll have to deal with it.
A girl I knew from high school did this, the guy was a shitbag but she bragged to every person in school about how much sex they had and how great it was, and then bragged about how she was going to get him arrested to get out of trouble with her parents.
Trust me, I was raped and I get how awful it feels and how it comes down to people being educated about rape, but I can't shake the feeling that women and men are just as evil from each side and do bad things in their own way.
But I have been with ten men since, each with their own complex view on life, who treated me with the utmost respect and understanding.
But also I don't get blackout drunk ever, and only get drunk around people I trust because I understand that consent is an active role and that men do not understand women's subtleties at times.
I don't believe there is a group of evil men that parade around that know full and well what rape is and don't care about women and just use them for penis warmers, and that this group is encouraged by the likes of Robin Thicke and pop culture.
I'm saying that the fraction of men that just don't care if she says no is significantly smaller than feminists would have us believe.
I also played in both girls' leagues and boys' leagues and it occurred in both.  
I have been writing like a mad man on this in more ways than one.
Reddit likes to say that the Friendzone isn't real, but having watched this friendzone thing become a phenomenon on the internet, I think that those people have mixed up an objective assessment of the friendzone with an emotional reaction to a stereotypical male response to being friendzoned.
I believe that opponents of the Friendzone idea are more truthfully opposed to the notion that the behavior on the part of the Guy is justified, and that the "Sorry bro, you got Friendzoned" mindset helps to concretize and validate animosity towards women when said women refuse to provide a man with access to her body/person when that man demands it.  
In conclusion, I believe that the Friendzone discussion on reddit has been morphed into a discussion about whether or not men have the right to be angry or upset when denied access to women.  
I've been most surprised to hear women that find unkempt, large beards attractive.
I'm a man and I can't imagine doing it.
However, I don't support the idea of a man / woman claiming to really me a woman / man "on the inside."
To reiterate; if you are a man who wants to act like what your idea of a woman is, I am totally OK with that.
However, I do not believe you when you claim to be a woman on the inside, because I believe that only a woman can truly know what it means to "be a woman."
The acting didn't feel as clever as Mad Men for example (which brings up, why did Breaking Bad win the emmy instead of another show such as House of Cards, which I thought deserved the award more for what it was (Probably a CMV on that too))
I know the biggest argument against this is infringing on the woman's rights, but these are activities which have no benefit to the mother and so being now responsbile for another life within her, she should not particpate in these activities since they are proven detrimental to the health of the fetus.
I work at a retail store and I noticed a morbidly obese woman with her three children aged at about 16, 8, and 2.
The prime example I will be using is the TV Show "Supernatural" and the "Destiel" ship, where the male character Castiel played by Misha Collins is portrayed to be in a romantic/sexual relationship with Dean Winchester, played by Jensen Ackles.
It's the most annoying thing on a 60mph road having to trail behind some horse with a woman (or a man, but I can't ever remember seeing one) on it at about 2-3mph and then very slowly overtake.
I can offer no evidence as this is my opinion but what set me thinking was [this](http://www.theguardian.com/film/filmblog/2011/nov/24/twilight-breaking-dawn-teenage-girls) piece in The Guardian.
I think this is a big reason that people like myself don't take feminism  seriously, even though we care about women's rights.
I want to feel like I actually support women's rights and feminism, but there is something in my head that makes the idea fall flat on its face straight out of the gate.
It is possible that a woman may also perceive a 100+ partner man less seriously, but I don't believe it is to the same extent.
I feel like this is due to basic biological differences in how men are built to generate infinite sperm, but women have a finite availability of eggs and reproductive ability (age and fertility, physical toll of childbirth, menstrual cycle).
Furthermore, I feel that a woman acting more conservatively within her sexual bounds is a better alternative to hiding the information, assuming she is seeking a stable, long term, "Til Death Do Us Part" relationship.
I'm a fairly young person and a virgin, but all throughout my life I've been strongly attracted to the idea of coercing or raping a woman.
I'm only aroused when the woman is truly unwilling - or at the least, is reluctant.
I fantasize about every attractive girl I know, holding her down and making her submit to me.
I personally don't hear the word very much outside of the internet, but I do hear *women's rights* in the media quite a bit.
I was watching a speech given by Hillary Clinton and not once did I hear her mention feminism, but I heard *women's rights* several times, because she's a politician, she's not stupid, she knows what words to use and how listeners will react.
I think most people are reacting to the very *idea* of men's rights.
People hear men's rights for the first time, even before encountering a typical MRA, and it sounds silly to them (it sounded silly to me), similar to as if someone were to advocate white rights or straight rights.
When I read the platform there are definitely real issues; divorce and custody, male victims of abuse, selective service, circumcision, etc.
So I think this "movement" would benefit from a reframing, either by just attacking each issue individually (the best solution IMO) or by changing men's rights to something else.
To what I don't know, men's *issues* maybe.
I've heard of *father's rights* long before men's rights and that never sounded like a bad thing.
When they talk about issues that effect "men *and boys*" it sounds better somehow, more important (because think of the children I guess).
I have joined healthcare system and believe that helping my fellow man is as close to as being significant as I can.
I'd like to hope that a large number of them were simply delusional and truly believed that the girl was malicious and lying, but even then, their behavior was ridiculous, and they all need help.
However, the thing that made me think the girl was at least somewhat responsible was her own description of the events.
I have to think that the girl either knew that she was putting herself at extreme risk, or that nobody had bothered to teach her how the world works.
While these ad campaigns admittedly do have value in causing us to stop and think for a moment, I think that most often they will result in nothing other than the thought, "well of course men look silly in those poses - their bodies aren't attractive like that."  
I believe that the inherent differences in the shapes of men and women (generally speaking, obviously) make them differently attractive, moreso than the cultural/patriarchal views that are implicated in these ads.
I think girls have a much easier time dating.
I would still say that the average single guy (18-30, decently fit, etc) has a harder time finding a date than the average single woman with the same conditions.
I am not sure on the actual numbers but girls feel as though every first date could go very wrong, versus guys maybe feel that every first date could just be boring at worst.
on some levels, i can see the argument - how would a girl know if her boobs are big enough (or face pretty enough or etc) to grab attention of the guys?
Regardless of hormone assumptions in here, I think both males and females are subject to equal moodiness depending on their genes and what things in life they endure, and not being able to express oneself can be detrimental.
Male suicide completion rates are higher and I believe this contributes to that.
Furthermore I think men's rights and feminism are kind of two sides of the same coin.
He has an important job as he's helping keep our boys safer by providing them with munitions, however, he at no point was in any more danger than I am on my drive to work in the morning (meaning I could get in a car wreck the same as his engine could stall and his plane could crash).
I am finding it hard, reading online about how women/much if feminism despise how the industry is today.
This is one of several brutal criticisms (not being easy enough to learn, difficult controllers configurations, too many male characters), and I for one find it offensive to the artists that have dedicated a good portion of their lives to making these artistic interactions.
I think if you are a woman or a feminist that doesn't like the industry or its games, you should make your own or not play, don't try and force someone else's brush.
Once a woman becomes a parent, and she sees there's no respite from the responsibility; I can imagine it feels like she is enduring something more difficult than anything else encountered by the humankind.  
You are correct if you have guessed that I am a 30+ female without children.  
Scenerio: I'm a old woman and I have a stroke while watching my stories and petting fluffy.
Context: I went to a somewhat extreme liberal college, where this submission would be considered pro-male heresy.
If I see a celebrity in fashionable clothes and a fedora (Fall Out Boy for example)
So, while I wish we could continue  manned space exploration, i think rovers and probes can due for the moment being.
I think most people would associate it with those "Girls Gone Wild" ads that used to run.
No man has ever touched the rear of any female by first asking bluntly, "Is it alright if I touch your butt?".
No woman has ever told a man, "I would now like you to touch my butt."
But correct me if I'm wrong: if a woman says she's taking birth control but she isn't, and pregnancy results, the man is legally obligated to pay child support, right?
If that's the case, I think that is extremely unjust to the man.
I think that instead, in cases like this, the government should provide 100% funding for the woman to get an abortion.
EDIT2: It occurred to me that my post might seem a little anti-women.
Background: I'm a male person wearing skirts and got told by a muslim co-ed with headscarf that it's 'wrong' to wear the other gender's clothes.
I told her that I can wear whatever I like, as she can (of course including the headscarf), but that I think that it's sexist that muslim countries/societies/cultures pressure women into wearing the headscarf.
So I asked her: if it's your choice, and it's not sexist, why aren't any muslim men choosing to wear a headscarf every time they leave their house.
Many obese people that I've met blame their size on "slow metabolism" (a "slow" versus "fast" metabolism equates to about 100 -150 extra calories a day max), "hypothyroidism" (which has an incidence rate of &gt;10%) or PCOS (which has an incidence rate of 5-10% amongst women).
I believe this is an intentional demonization of whites particularly white males which fosters distrust fosters and hatred toward whites unjustifiably.
 While I believe this trend of negative biases towards whites (particularly white males) extends to other shows and portrayals besides serial killers, for the purposes of this CMV I will limit it to the portrayal of serial killers in media.
Sometimes i read things like how they want women to be able to go topless in public
If the toilet seat expectation were simply for aesthetic reasons, I probably wouldn't care so much, but the argument continually asserted for why the toilet seat must be put down by men is often that there "are women in the house/office."
Should a man flaunt his privilege by leaving the seat up when he just as easily could have peed sitting down, I think he is inflicting harm upon the women.
While there could still be a radical feminist argument lambasting a man for feeling compelled to put the seat down because he is sympathetic towards a woman's lack of privilege that a man has with his choice of sitting or standing, I think that's taking things too far.
So, I'm a short man and a virgin at a late age.
I've seen my kind be derided by both both the traditional macho douchebags (LOL manlet foreveralone) and the progressive feminists (boo-hoo neckbeard manchild has "issues" that aren't even close to those of fat women...).
So long my group is being attacked, and those who attack us are openly using my group's traits as insults and traits that are somehow reprehensible in men, why should I back out?
So, why should I care if, for instance, ugly women are disregarded quickly for being ugly?
Why should I care if fat girls aren't given a chance and there's people who find them unattractive?
I think, for the most part, not having a male victim presence in this discussion is the reason why rape is viewed so skeptically, often harshly.  
I think having male victims come forward would achieve a number of things:  first, and rather unfortunately, I think having a male voice would serve to 'legitimize' the crime; second,  I think people would stop questioning the extent to which a victim contributed or otherwise "implicitly consented" to the sexual activity by largely irrelevant factors such as mode of dress, promiscuity, being alone, or the area in which one was assaulted (ex. alone at a bar), since men are usually not sexualized in the manner that contributes to these perceptions; and finally,  I think the marginalization over the concern of sexual assault would lessen because it would be seen as a broad social ill rather than a "woman's issue."
Still, I do think the majority of this issue is that men and women would face plenty of hurdles based on stereotypes when it comes to sexual assault, but a lot of the extra doubt and scrutiny is borne by one side in particular.  
It annoys me to read on rRddit about the fair acknowledgement of male rape being an issue, while at the same time seeing such broad concern of false rape accusations framed solely as a  "she said" problem.  
Mind you, my title is not the sole reason why I think male sexual assault victims should come forward.  
If "money changed hands" isn't a solid enough argument for digital piracy, then every used market in history has been and will continue to be just as reprehensible as me watching The Man from Nowhere.
The other thing that really bothers me about this, is that whenever I've brought it up in the past, women have always immediately reached for the gender card, and accused me of being a misogynist.  
If a man behaved the way she did, I'd accuse him of command immaturity and corruption to exactly the same degree; because that is what it is.
Like most people, I believe I'm in complete control of my decisions, but upon further inspection of some of my largest beliefs (God, politics, taste in women)
As a Caucasian female, I fail to see why this doesn't count as racism.
The man i met was very rational and intelligent and knew that his urges weren't permitted by our society and would always act within constraints of law, yet if word got out of his urges, I'm sure the community would shun and probably attempt to incriminate him for his innate urges.
I try to think about how I would feel if my significant other slept with another man.
I mean really, it would only hurt because it means that she doesn't think i'm the end-all-be-all of men...but realistically, why should she?
After peeing (I'm female)
While I am "technically" pro-choice, I do have a major problem with women who smoke and or drink throughout their pregnancy.
I am not saying it should be illegal for a woman to drink or smoke during pregnancy.
White people (I being one, and especially white heterosexual males, need to realize we are privileged over ethnic people, homosexuals, and females because we are the default setting.
I'm white, heterosexual, and male.
What I look like depends on who's looking at me, black people say I'm white (and I've been called "white boy" on the streets of NY often) but white people seem to think I'm Arab or sometimes they correctly guess I'm mixed.
I don't like the way overweight women (&gt;150 lb) or dark-skinned blacks in general look.
But I'm reluctant to say this because I'm just a regular-looking yet scrawny 100-lb white male.
I think that Miley Cyrus is a 20 year old girl and should be able to own her sexuality in whatever way she sees fit, seeing as it is her own body, and she is an adult.
From what I know, the birth control pill (used by 54% of American women) became available with no copay in 2010.
Some women (and even some men!) suffer from post-partum depression (therefore BOTH things can cause depression) and I think we all agree that there are far more medical problems associated with pregnancy than ED.
However, I still believe there is hypocrisy in the (sometimes partial) coverage of ED meds and no (rare) coverage for equivalent female-specific arousal disorder treatments, which can be cheaper than the male equivalent.
While I believe that men and women are born equally capable, it doesn't seem unreasonable to suspect that social influences and maybe biological differences may shape the type of work they prefer and how they want to live their lives.
I think the whole concept of "in fashion" is driven by retailers and aimed primarily at female insecurity.
Males are becoming more fashion concious I admit but the influence on women can easily be quantified by the variance in numbers of female to male clothing stores.
So far it hasn't seemed to affect my ability to attract women or see me ostracised from society.
I believe that women can have sex whenever they want.
I believe any woman can have sex whenever she wants it.
The first time I encountered this was a couple of years ago when I was working at an upscale restaurant as a server and this older woman, (with no apparent disabilities) had a Toy Poodle with her that was wearing a vest that said "Service Animal".
I no longer believe in mens or womens rights.
I'm not against doing favors for each other, maybe the man pays for her once and next time the girl pays.
And don't get me started with my success rate with women.
I feel like tattooed on images distract and destroy the natural curves and perception of shape and flow of a girls boobs.
I truly feel as if there is more beauty in the natural look of a girl's chest rather than something else catching my eye constantly.
I love girls with piercings and tattoos but I need to see a natural shape to feel connected in that way.
I think this would be the responsible choice, and I feel that it is the responsible choice for the vast majority of high school girls.
When I explain this, many do not realize that I am not criticizing them for being young, poor, white, male, religious, or conservative.
Keep in mind, I'm not saying that it's good, or right, or that men in their 20's or 30's should pursue teenage girls; all I'm saying is that if that's what you want to do, there is no logical reason not to, other than the laws and social mores against it.
However, if an economy theory or sport or TV show or whatever has 90% male advocates or 90% female advocates, I think this is probably a good indication that it has fundamental flaws compared to a program with an equal number of viewers who like it an equal amount but who have a more even demographic ratio.
I disagree with this definition because it excludes men who are raped by being forced to penetrate someone's mouth, vagina, or anus, which is currently categorized as sexual assault.
First off, though I believe it'll take one hell of an argument to change my view, I am a man of reason and logic, and am always open to any new ideas.
For one, I know individuals who are of a different religion celebrating the birth of a man that they do not feel is our savior.
Secondly (and this is my biggest issue), I know plenty of atheists who have no issue with celebrating the birth of a man that some of them literally hate.
I was reading [this article](http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/2013/09/25/223787129/what-happens-when-a-store-lets-customers-return-whatever-they-want?utm_content=socialflow&amp;utm_campaign=nprfacebook&amp;utm_source=npr&amp;utm_medium=facebook) on NPR and was surprised that many of the comments criticised a woman who said she had made use of LL Bean's return policy each time her backpack broke.
I feel like if I made a team whose mascot was a black man, that team would receive such outrage that it would never survive.
I have far deeper sympathy for the mentally ill homeless man sleeping in a bundle of newspapers than any parent who struggles just to provide for their kids.
I think groups of fat middle aged women judging healthy weight girls to be DISGUSTING.
I find the practice of obese men popping beers and eating excessively while watching sports then talking about how “unhealthy” going to the gym is extraordinarily ironic and DISGUSTING.
If you believe I need to suck it up and take it like a man, please CMV!
There seems to be a backlash (in the social circles I frequent) towards men who judge a potential girlfriend based on how many previous sexual partners she has had.
Women will often judge men on height; "I just don't find guys under 5'6'' to be attractive, sorry!".
And men will often judge women on weight; "I just don't find obese girls attractive, sorry!"
Although there are specific subreddits that are geared toward specific viewpoints, I believe the demographics of reddit users often distorts the conversations that take place in these subreddits and therefore if people wish to partake in political discourse among a diverse group of people, they should take their discussion to a news website with a broader audience with similar political viewpoints, rather than a website where the median user is male, 25-34 years old, and comes from the lowest income bracket.
I believe in the phrase "power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely; great men are almost always bad men" and that it takes a special kind of person to not become corrupted by the power of their office, but I tend to think that they are few and far between, and I believe there are not as many of them in office as we would like to think.
I am a young man in my twenties, and although I hope to outlive my parents, I realize that in life there are no absolutes and it is totally possible that I could be hit by a drunk driver tomorrow.
I think I probably *should* respect women, and suspect my belief is due to some reasoning error or emotional issue I have yet to discover about myself.
I have trouble respecting women in general, because feminism seems to be an exaggeration and an elevation of the flaws present in the female gender.
I do have respect for some women who behave nothing like the points I've listed above - but they are few.
For demographic context: I am an atheist, bisexual, white, 22 year old female living in the USA.
I understand Monsanto's tactics are evil and shitty but there are so many products that I use on a daily basis that have corn as an ingredient that it is literally impossible to 'fight the man.'
I think that women and men who undergo cosmetic surgery for aesthetic reasons are shallow.
So since some men and women are deciding to spend their money on something to make themselves look better, I think it is extremely shallow.
I hold this view because I know a few girls (around the age of 18) that got nose jobs as a graduation present from their parents.
While this example is inherently egotistical, I feel like many other women and men getting aesthetic plastic surgery are the same way.
For clarification: I am not talking about people that undergo surgery for medical reasons (e.g. a burn victim getting plastic surgery or a woman with back problems getting a breast reduction).
- I am not attempting to claim that women do not face significant disadvantages in today's world.
I *am* claiming that in twenty-five years, I believe we will have overcome many of these issues to the detriment of young boys.
So, let's get into the nitty gritty of why I think that feminism will be detrimental for boys in the long run.
Less men than women now graduate from college, and, because success is tied so strongly to a higher degree, I believe that in 25 years we will see negative consequences of this fact.
I say "coming to be" because they may not be *today*, but in twenty-five years, women will have more degrees than men, be more liberated (having questioned their rights for longer than men), and probably make up a majority of the work force.
I am stressing, again, that boys will be raised in an environment which doesn't bother to tell them that they are special because of the logic that "men have been on top forever and they have had their chance".
I believe that the "men vs. women" dialogue will worsen over the next twenty-five years and provide an environment prejudiced against men and boys.
In other words, I don't think that women will gain equality and say, "Great, we did it."
I believe that women will overpower men, and that if we do achieve equality in the future, it will be long in the future and only after things have gotten much worse for men and boys.
I can understand that men bragging about sexing every hot girl is usually not true (my opinion.
I'm not going to document my friend's conquests to prove it wrong) and that women can refuse any guy they want until the right person comes along to have sex with.
Talk about 'tradition' and 'good ole boy' tailgating all you want, but the NFL will always remain supreme and I truly don't understand who could like college football more.
Interestingly enough, a lot of sorority women I have talked to seem to secretly dislike a majority of their sisters but put on a facade to only show these emotions in private.
I can tolerate McAuliffe's positions on social issues, but I think his leadership "style" is a throwback to the cigar-in-the-back-room, good ol' boys bullshit, I think he'll say anything to anyone to get what he wants, and I don't think he has any real experience with business.
I will concede some problems aren't man made (volcanoes) but I will say the vast majority.
So basically I hear people say that women get less pay for the same work.
I think men and women are paid equally but that men work more hours.
I'm thinking of that typical scene in a movie where the guy goes up to pick up a girl for a date and the shotgun-wielding father answers the door.  
It's just that whenever I see this scene, I'm thinking that the first assumption that the overly and usually threateningly protective father or older brother has is that their daughter or younger sister is too stupid or dependent on males to really take care of themselves.  
But I say that it's on the girl to take care of herself.  
I don't trust that boy you're seeing."  
But when the guy comes to the door, if you act menacingly towards him, you're implying that the girl needs help and cannot take care of herself and thus I'm stepping in.  
I believe that the creation of parallel female sports teams was a huge step forward for us as a society, and I believe that allowing, for instance, a high school aged biological male who identifies as female--but who has not begun hormone therapy--to be on a high school girls sports team turns the entire notion on it's head, and should never be allowed.  
I'm referring specifically to the random 17yo biological male who comes out as transgender their Senior year that decides she should suddenly be allowed to compete in district track meets.  
I believe a Democracy is a bad form of Government because the average man's opinion (Who is usually Uninformed) is worth more than somebody like say, Aristotle, or Socrates, or whatever equivalent you wish, ultimately, everybody has the same sway, when everybody is not as Knowledgeable/Learned on the topics they are attempting to decide on.
I mean vasectomies for men (reversible) and something like an IUD for women (lasts for many years).
Second, she thinks that having significant personal discussions with other girls that I don't know well is inappropriate.
She is fine with me talking to my good female friends, but problems arise when I make a serious comment to any other girl.
I know that words and actions can be misinterpreted, but since I am observant I think that I am very good at picking up when a girl might be developing an interest.
I just read something stating that 70% of men admitted to cheating on their wives.
I'm going to limit this discussion to male on female rape.
I'm aware that male on male rape is a widespread problem as well, but I have to leave this outside the scope of discussion.
I personally think that if you're born as a male, then the urge to reproduce with women comes with the package.
I even think that the last century made men less masculine due to social and economic changes.
Women can and do hold these jobs as well, but the number of them is low enough that I belive that if all of them simultaniously missed work one day, their slack could be picked up by the majority of the men , and nothing too significant would happen.
I might get an iPhone for my next phone and I really don't like the stereotypical iPhone user (over-privileged white girl)  nor do I want to have the same phone as them.
As a man who has struggled with body image in the past and still do I can't help but imagine there are countless other young men (and, for that matter, older men) who do as well.
I tend to think that one principal difference is that it is not socially acceptable for us to admit it to others in ways girls and women do so constantly, and so it is not an issue which is so visible publicly.
That does not mean it doesn't exist, and it irritates me that this is treated as a crisis that only females in our society experience and one that only they can possibly understand, as though men are incapable of knowing what it is like to feel the profound shame of feeling judged by others.
For reference, I am a sixteen year old female living in a fairly liberal area.
I remember seeing an askreddit post about what sex was like for both partners when one of them is a post-op trans person, that eventually devolved into an argument about disclosure.
I feel that if you are uncomfortable with dating a trans person, it is your responsibility to ask the other person if they are trans or otherwise make it known that you do not wish to date trans people.  
I feel that if this makes it harder for you to get dates that is just the price that you have to pay for the ability to maintain your preference/avoid accidentally falling in love with a trans person.
For the record, I'm not comparing women to barnyard animals.  
After I met with the "Diversity Officer" of the college (a black woman), I was treated like shit, and the only question she asked me was regarding the confederate flag.
I've also amended my argument like so: this belief being an intellectual weakness only applies *in the present*, the reason being that today we have so much less reason (ignorance, societal pressure) to believe or at least feign belief in a major God than centuries-old men and women had.
Also, I don't get what advantage the whips give considering they can't cut through Iron Man armor for some reason, but whatever, every movie is equally bad about weapons able to penetrate the armor when it counts.
Every time I open one of the crime alerts I assume that it's going to be a young black male, and to this day it always has been.
I'm half black myself and I live with a black male.
and I see a black male
I believe that most of us, both men and women, when we look for a LTR, are trying to find the best partner that we can get.
I also think that most of us, both men and women, develop our sense of our own desirability by experience with others.
If I say something like "My Little Pony fans are mostly creepy older guys rather than the intended audience- small girls" it's much more constructive to say "No, the Neilson ratings say that little girls watch the show more than creepy guys" rather than "Cite your source".
This is probably true in a minority of cases, but I take issue with it because even if every Muslim man thought it was his duty to bully their wives into submission, banning the veil would do nothing to stop their suffering.
I don't find black people attractive, and I have never met a black woman I would date (sorry, I'm a bit vain).
To me, these issues distract the broader public from the bigger ones that are being discussed *today*: equality in the work place (e.g. fair pay), contraception coverage in women's health insurance plans, and the widespread attacks on abortion in our country.
I believe that women will tend to choose roles associated more with language and emotion (speech language pathology and human development and family studies both have 49x more women than men).
I read a recent TIL article about how certain aboriginal tribes will form holes in the bases of boys' penises when they come of age.
I earnestly want women to be able to make their own sexual choices without being judged.
I am also an 18 year old male and have a fast metabolism, yet I feel that I could be fat if I wasn't conscious about what I eat and didn't exercise regularly.
I'm a 19 y/o male living in the Pacific Northwest.
For me, a 250-lb male, that's 2 beers in 1.5 hours.
As a side note, these relationships changed from the monogamous norm to polyamorous at the behest of 2 females and 1 male, siting the 3 people I knew.
I just think girls and boys are different.
Because I am a male and if a hot adult woman, say 26, wanted to have sex with me when I was 15 I don't think that would damage me in any way (besides STI or pregnancy).
I'm sorry, but practically anything to do with gay men is solely about gay white men.
In my 29 years of life, I've met very few women who I like as people.
That is to say women who, if they didn't have a vagina, I'd still want to hang out with.
I find women to be cowardly, extremely entitled when it comes to finding a mate, manipulative to the point of borderline sociopathy, and completely unable to admit any guilt or wrongdoing.
"I think of a man, and I take away reason and accountability."
I haven't been broken up with, and if you're going to try to convince me by countering with things men do, you should try something else.
2) I am a 5'8 male that weighed 260 pounds in may of 2012 and lost 100 pounds over the last year.
I'll start by saying I'm 26/male.  
Someone like me, who may be on the fence about their message and open to persuading, is instantly turned off to the message because those women have labeled dissenters as hateful people, which is not necessarily true.
The concept of "male privilege" irks me in general, but specifically when a women complains about the blanket statement of 'women are bad drivers'.  
I think that the most important current issue facing females is the rape culture outside of places such as the US or Britain.  
An example of this is if I were to call a girl a "whore" and she were to be offended by this, however, this doesn't even begin to describe what I'm talking about.
I disagree with the notion that people can simply self-identify as being another gender, not get sexual reassignment surgery, and be considered as being the new gender (e.g. - man identifies as a woman, does not get the operation, and is considered a woman).
Through googling for what happens when a woman is caught making false rape accusations, I keep coming across a few trends:
According to the lowest figure I could find for false reports (2%) that makes 416 men who are falsely accused of rape, every year.  
A homeless man approaches me and says "Hey man, I'm hungry.
Now let's say I have plans for both apples, or maybe I just think that this man doesn't deserve my apple charity.
So instead of giving the man an apple, I take him to the nearest ATM and give him my most recent paycheck in its entirety.
Surely with all the hardship I am about to face and the hardship this man will avoid from my committing this action I *know*
And if I actually went through with handing this man my entire paycheck (more realistically IRL it would be  a less extreme example, but it is important to use hyperbole to illustrate points such as this), it is because I believed it to be the right thing to do.
I drank and smoked dope through high school to keep my emotions out, but a lot of things (mostly girls I liked and the dudes they got with) pissed me off and I wasn't afraid to show it.
I whupped the shit out of at least two guys who got with this girl I liked and was going to do the same to another who my girlfriend (of one week) cheated on me with.
I feel like girls can get sad, but guys need to get mad.
i often think about the line from "a Few Good Men"; "we are supposed to protect those who can't protect themselves."
I have since decided that is not true that women are better off, but still wonder about the first part of the essay (I believe it was called the war on boys)  talking about public education as well as college.
The statistics, which I can't conjure so you just have to trust in my memory, mostly dealt with how more teachers are women and therefore most boys are misunderstood.
As to *The Amazing Spider Man*, I felt it suffered from a completely disjointed plot and some really bizarre tonal shifts.
I reject the notion that the behavioral differences between men and women are mostly or wholly socially imposed.
I believe the evidence is clear - like in other species, human males and females have significantly different behavioral tendencies due to biological differences between the sexes.
I believe that the inherent differences between men and women are explained through differing selection pressures.
If we are victims of anything, we're victims of biology - and in any case I do not see men and women having different roles in society as inherently bad or victimizing.
I am a heterosexual male.
I know a lot of women in my life, and I definitely don't see them as sex objects.
The only time I find it pertinent that they are women is if I am pursuing a romantic or sexual relationship with them.
In all other cases - I try to disregard the fact that they are women and treat them as they would like to be treated.
Now I am not saying that women are good only for sex or romance.
But that the fact that they are women (as opposed to people) becomes pertinent only when I have a romantic or sexual interest in them.
As a counterpoint - yes - it is never relevant to me when someone is male.
Background: I'm a 21 year old half-cast male from Australia, lower-middle class, public schooled, working in IT.   
I do understand that women generally have some qualities that render them as confusing but yet, in my opinion, men and women both have similar ways of acting in a relationship.
Sometimes I just feel like men saying that 'they can't understand women' is just an excuse to be lazy in a relationship by not trying to see from a woman's point of view and because they don't want to have to make the effort to do the stuff that women like.
Maybe, I'm being hypocritical, as woman could be just as 'ignorant' as this 'women are hard to understand' stereotype.
Don't get me wrong, I understand that not all men are like this, and there are probably alot of men who do make the effort, but I still believe that there is a common but wrong stereotype that women are really hard to understand.
I know that there is a broad spectrum here and the context, relationship and situation surrounding an act can change it's meaning by a fair margin but I'm talking about women being fucked in the throat until they're puking and crying then they're being slapped by the man.
I believe that this is the case because men must conform to a strict ideal of masculinity or face ridicule.
While it's true that men in Western society are still overrepresented in the uppermost reaches of society (CEOs, politicians, etc.) and are defined less by their appearance then women are, I can't help but feel like while men are given male privilege, we pay a very high price for it.
I also feel that this is the cause of men being outperformed by women in education.
Before any one has a cow, know that i support Gays, Lesbians, Transgender, Bisexual, curious, and all the like, they are all human beings just like I am and you are too.
 But for a gay person to say they are born that way just doens't make sense to me, i mean yes, you can be born with blonde hair, or be born black that is confirmed to be genetic, And i'm aware of certain hormone imbalances in pregenency after a woman has had several children, Yet still, it is in our genetic code to see the oposite sex as attractive, and then fuck the opposite sex to make children.
I do not feel this policy is discriminatory to homosexuals as it only applies to homosexual men and not women.
Personally, I am a straight cisgender male, but I do have many friends who are LGBTQ.
The premise (correct me if I am misunderstanding) is that they choose to identify neither as male or female.
I think women should obviously be able to wear whatever they want, but when they're in a high risk area outside of their own country - there are some obvious safety tips to be aware of.
One song that sticks out to me in particular is "[Til' I Die](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46IQu0yuJzU)" from the album *Surf's Up* because it dramatically contrasts the stereotypical Beach Boy image.  
I first heard of him watching a documentary about him trying to unseat Sharp James in the Newark mayoral election and losing in what was characterized as the little man fighting against an established political machine.
I will hold doors open for anyone who is approaching because it is the decent thing to do, and if the person is younger than me, a different race, or another guy, I don't care I will still show them the same respect I would show a female.
One man from Homs told me: look all they care about is their cars and apartments ... let them feel what we have been enduring for months
I've heard it said that trans-women are "real women".
But I don't consider "woman" to be just a social construct or just a gender.
When I think of "women" I am thinking of someone who was born with the qualities a trans-woman is trying as hard as possible to imitate.
I think trans-women or men should be regarded as trans-women or men, and that we should not being trying to convince people that they are actually "real" men or women", but instead we should be trying to convince them that being a "trans-woman" or a "trans-man" is a perfectly valid identity.
The person I was arguing said that I (and all the people that hate her) don't like Skyler because she is a non-submissive woman.
"finally realized that most people’s hatred of Skyler had little to do with me and a lot to do with their own perception of women and wives.
In this case, I don't think that the woman should have the prerogative to declare this incident a "rape" because of how she feels about the incident in retrospect while sober.
However, any time the name gets brought up in online discussions, a lot of people jump on board to tell me how degrading this song is, and how it is all about rape and doing things despite the girl obviously not wanting it.
Because even though the video has naked girls in it, I fail to see how it is anywhere near as bad as for example the "bubble butt" video.
Though I will admit the girls being topless is purely for the male's pleasure (I don't necessarily think this is a bad thing)
I feel like the song is just about a guy flirting a little and the girl teasing him back while playing hard-to-get for a while.
I apologize in advance for this post not being any heavy-handed discussion on world politics or torture practices, but I hope someone will put in some effort to show me the concrete proof of where this "the song is hate against women" comes from.
I suppose this could be relevant information: I am a young male (23 y/o).
I hold very liberal views concerning sex and relevant topics, and believe women have right to the same sexual freedoms as men without the societal judgments that currently come along with it.
It's probably because I'm very young (20) and male, but I feel like I would be okay with having any number of children, as long as it's not too many (more than 5).
I disagree totally when people say things like "women are bad drivers", "Men can't take care of children" or any other stereotype based on sex, ethnicity or nationality.
The way we act, drive, speak, think, etc. doesn't come from your "biological self*" (by that I mean if you are a man, a woman, black, white, etc. everything that you are from the day you are born til the day you die).
But when I read things like [this tumblr](http://littlelull.tumblr.com/post/60240420647/i-cant-go-back-or-why-im-so-bent-out-of-shape-about) where this girl chronicles her adventures at PAX and how she seems to blame PAX for her (again, not ok) rape at the hands of a 'friend of a friend' she met there.
I don't think that PA is capitalizing on the rape of this girl.
Honestly, I feel like if that girl's story went something like 'I went to PAX and then was captured and sold into slavery' the guys at PA would have to deal with fallout over how insensitive they were about slavery.
I am often irked by claims about how awful it is that we objectify people (particularly women), but until recently I couldn't point to why those claims bothered me.
For example, if I(M) see a beautiful woman walking down the street I know absolutely nothing about her other than that she is (in my estimation) beautiful.
Because objectification is such an integral part of how we relate to others, I think there is nothing wrong with it and cries about how awful it is that we objectify people (particularly women) are ignoring how we understand the world around us.
I think the preconceived notion about someone's professionality and/or hygiene through the length of a man's hair is just cruel.
I feel the views on men with long hair in general are injust.
Edit: Guys, [this](http://maximesalon.com/beautyblog/2012/01/25/hair-news-man-buns-are-here-to-stay/) is the kind of look I was referring to.
As a gay man, I feel as though casting a vote for either person would support a point of view that I detest.
The latest cases I've heard of involved a 6-year-old repeat victim who was ordered to marry her rapist's son (and was raped during the negotiation, again) and a series of western women who were staying at classy, four- and five-star hotels, who were assaulted by the hotel owners.
I believe that the concept implies that men are primarily instigators of oppression and that women are recipients of that oppression.
I am aware that men hold more positions of power in government and businesses and that this fits the textbook definition of patriarchy.
What I see is a woman eating a chocolate donut, and turning chocolate.  
I don't consider the morality of politicians to be any more relevant than the average man on the street and their 'intentions' are irrelevant.
While I'm still not *sold* on the idea of bitcoins (IE that it's anything but a novelty/sham/playtime until the big boys show up), I have been convinced that it's resistant to tampering, and that justifies handing out some deltas, which I will be doing in the near past.
The art, dancing, and nonconforming culture has beauty that leaves me feeling overwhelmed and like an outsider looking in.
The same lust I felt when I had that one night stand is the same I'll eventually feel with the woman who proves to be a stable partner.
However, at least in the US, there are often two of them, one for men and one for women, and I really don't see the point of this practice.
I always read stories about how some poor man's car was stolen or how two neighbors had a disagreement got in a fight yesterday, yet I hardly ever read about a that car being found and returned to it's owner or a neighbor helping another neighbor out.
We've been together 5 years and have an average sex life (mainly due to differing work commitments, otherwise would be much healthier!), but are very much in love, and I don't believe he would actually sleep with another woman.
* Makes me feel I'm not adequate/ enough for you (I recognise I was unable to have sex at that time, but I more than made up for it in blow-jobs!), and if I'm not, is this just a gateway to actually being physical with another woman- when does Porn become 'not enough' if I've already become 'not enough'
* I don't believe it is okay to masturbate to other women and get aroused by them, as it's equivalent of cheating by proxy.
Perhaps I haven't explained my feelings expressly enough, but I would very much appreciate someone being able to CMV, as I don't want to be unreasonable about it, it just upsets me as currently it feels like he is turning to other women to get his sexual pleasure, and that's not okay with me.
For clarity- I'm 29, female.
This might be a change of pace, but I believe that their is discrimination against men in society.
I feel that men are viewed as "disposable."
I believe that gay men have more oral sex than straight people.
The reason i say this is because when i commonly hear people prefacing what they say with "as a parent" or "as a woman" it feels like it is useless information.
I think it's only motivated by young male horniness: there is a growing group of nerds who congregate on sites like 4chan and talk about Girls Generation, Kara, and Hyuna.
Aside from the physical differences such as men being stronger than women, women being able to have children, etc, I don't think men and women are that different.
As for sexual behaviors, I don't think women are significantly less sexual, but are still just learning to enjoy their freedom.
As a 28-year old man from Southern California (a region where this behavior is extremely apparent), I've read stories on here over the past month of young people having to hide the A they got on an algebra test, because all their friends were sarcastically high-fiving each other behind them with their C's, and OP doesn't want to be made fun of.
I read several advisory posts on /r/AskMen  and /r/seduction claiming that the less emotion and dedication you show to a potential girl after taking them out, the more likely you are to woo them into a full-fledged relationship.
I was born in 1985, and I can say with full confidence that I've sub-consciously hidden my intelligence or my exuberant passion for a girl, only to have positive outcomes more often than not.
I believe that most politicians use boogey men and external threats to keep people distracted from the real people causing their problems, the very politicians that they are supporting.
I just want people to consed the fact that not all diversity is ALWAYS good, and worth the sacrifice of innocent women and children that get gunned down, if we in our need for diversity, want to bring people into our country that hate everything we stand for.
For this example, I would cite the case of the "trans-abled", or people who identify as disabled despite being able-bodied.
I'm not advocating hate, I'm not saying anything negative about transexuals, but I'm saying that no matter how much you want to be a (fe)male, act like a (fe)male, look like a (fe)male, you're not "a (wo)man born in the wrong body (for example: your "gender" is female even though you are sexually male), you just don't want to be what you are.
I see many girls on facebook getting flowers and saying things like, "I have the best boyfriend ever."
About me: I am a heterosexual American male
I don't think men face any real oppression.
In fact I was surprised to find there is a "mens rights" movement.
I thought it was just middle school boys complaining about various privileges they don't have.
I think mens rights activists are like my fifth grade classmates and I: we were outraged when our teacher said because of ages old gender roles (hunting/gathering) women were probably better suited to our modern environment in many ways because of their social instincts.
I do not care much for men who complain about being constricted by gender roles and not allowed to care for children.
&gt; As for deltas: I have been shown that there are reasons where mens rights could be applied, such as an imbalance in homelessness and college education, and the fact that male rape/abuse can actually be almost as common as the female equivalents, despite only a small fraction of the attention.
I believe the Patterson Gimlin footage is a man in a suit.  
Let me preface this by saying that I am a woman, and I do not enjoy reading Cosmo.
However, I feel that claims that it "puts down" or is "derogatory" to women are extreme.
I get annoyed reading editorial-type pieces and/or rants about how sexist Cosmo is, and how it portrays women as only interested in sex and beauty.
In addition, I do not feel that they are negatively stereotyping women if millions of readers are purchasing the magazine.
Finally, I feel as though claiming Cosmo puts down women is like claiming that Scientific American is oppressive or prejudiced against unintelligent people and people who don't like science.
According to Pew, women are now leading in breadwinners in the United States: http://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2013/05/29/breadwinner-moms/. Keep in mind, I FIRMLY believe in child support.
I'm thinking that most older men, have already established experience and that makes them more qualified.
I believe that right out of college, with equal experience and qualifications, women are equal to men.
I think that previous generations gave men more opportunities and now the older men have more experience.
I believe that we will see a shift in gender roles when the baby boomers retire and its just a matter of time before we see more women than men in leadership roles in business.
But as far as equally qualified men and women, I believe there's no inequality in opportunity.
Disclosures: I'm 24, male, formerly of the Soviet Union/Ukraine/Russia, now living in America since 1995; I mention the heritage because my time spent on the other side of the iron curtain is frequent enough to factor into my opinions on feminism/mens rights.
Regardless, I find it to be an incredibly silly place for men who have given up on women, people who are "formerly beta" yet don't have the minerals to keep searching for someone who will take care of them and instead try to control the situation by being alpha.
I incorrectly assumed that the way a woman dresses impacts her chances of getting raped.
By reliable birth control I mean IUDS and implants for women and the new [easily reversible vasectomies]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reversible_inhibition_of_sperm_under_guidance) for men after they pass clinical trials.  
Woman 2 could say, "Oh my god, I'm a victim".  
Additionally, I put to you that there is a "Woman 3".  
To add a more personal level, I myself identify as male and am attracted to males (Everything from this point on will be about Chick-fil-A, since that's where this stems from).
It seems to me that in my day to day life, and in stories covered by the media men seem to loose more often than not.
I know that this is not always the case, but society seems to favor women as victims and men as aggressors.
I think that paternity testing should be mandatory in all cases where a man wishes to put his name on the birth certificate.
Personally, this seems to me to be a beneficial idea for western society in general, as it would reduce under-cared for children and look out for the well-being of young women.  
I am in no way sexually attracted to men.
This makes little sense to me and I think there should be an "opt out" clause for unwanted fatherhood like there is for women.
I'm a young male, I don't want to get married yet, but would like to some day.
I want my view changed because all the women in my family disagree with me, and i'm
"I believe that a man should be able to force a woman to abort a baby if he can prove that the embryo is the result of she raping him, or she lying about being on BC.
"I believe that females who make false accusations of rape should receive the same punishment rapists do.
**But the tone of the CMV's I quoted seem less concerned with the inherent injustice of rape and more with taking offence to women taking offence to rape.
Or a kid who was raped by a woman (I think he was 13 or 15 at the time) and then having to do the same.
I believe that in this circumstances, men should have the ability, in those places where abortion is legal, to force the woman to abort.
Since the man never wanted the child and did all he could to prevent its birth (he was raped, he had no choice), I don't think he should be obligated to raise it.
I had now idea how to talk to girls, I currently hold resentment for my parents over a decade later and I was bullied like crazy.
I really don't understand the whole trans thing.
I think if a woman wants to get an abortion, she will, whether its safe or not.
So I think it shouldn't be other peoples decision on what a woman should do.
To make it clear from the beginning: I am not talking about legitimate rape cases, nor am I implying that every time a male is found not guilty of rape, the female should go to prison.
- implications that I'm sexist for blaming women when men could be doing it as well.
Ok, maybe one might be able to find cases in which males are the accusers, but considering how even legitimate rape allegations by men against women are taken very lightly and usually dismissed with a "doesn't matter, had sex", I highly doubt this is the case.
I don't know if it is the sense that I am somehow being sexist (or gender-centered), or if I am missing some critical recognition of fact that would explain why women are deserving of time off but men are not.
I mean, if a person who is biologically male (let's say, "has a penis") one day without getting the surgery or having any immediate intention of getting the surgery says, "I'm a female", and we're all just supposed to start calling him "her".  
I believe that if a child is accidentally conceived, if the man requests that the woman aborts the pregnancy or puts the child up for adoption and the woman refuses then he should not be responsible for the upbringing of the child.
I feel this way because, while the consensual sex leading to the conception of the fetus is an equal act from both the male and female, the female has 100% final say in whether the child is kept or not.
EDIT 2: I think it is important to note that in order for the man to be exempt from responsibility there would have to be some form of official document which he signed.
When I think about who I am as a person, I don't think "I am a man."
Whether I call you a man or a woman, or whether you call yourself a man or a woman, won't change who you are.
If you are physically a male, you're a man, just like I weigh 184 pounds, and am a welterweight.
Because I don't *care* about identifying as a man, I don't know first hand how much it can mean to people.
I believe a simple solution to the growing welfare rolls would be to require that women and men who are on welfare not have any further children while they are receiving government benefits.  
I see people getting up in arms about white girls who wear feather headdresses and to some degree I understand that given the history of native americans and white colonists, but I truly don't get (music artist)
I seem to be seriously in the minority in rooting for man's failure at survival as a species.
I see man's "accomplishments"—art, science, communication—as significant only to himself.
I believe the Earth and its other inhabitants would be far better off without man and the barbarism his consciousness brings about.
With how destructive man has been to the earth, and to himself, through war, industrialization, pollution, etc., I fail to see how someone can arrive at this conclusion.
I often see people who are otherwise in favor of gender equality use the phrase 'man up' to tell people that they are being a coward and need to stop being such a coward, and I have no idea how they reconcile this.
I think it's okay for an employer to ask women if they're planning to have children soon and judge them accordingly.  
In a sense, i think it's okay to not hire/promote a woman if they say they're planning on having kids soon.
Basically from what I can tell in the last half a century the age for having children for most people has gone up from 15-30 to 25-60, further more there are a lot of fertility treatments that allow women that sometimes have a less fit reproductive system to reproduce normally.
I have a HUGE issue with gender-based/sex-based segregation (this includes separate public lavatories, shower rooms, barber shops, clothes shops, and more, although that story is for another time), because I believe that anyone of any sex, gender, or anything, should be treated equally, and learning that the story places emphasis on a wondrous artifact that only works for women, for unexplained reasons (to the best of my knowledge), really, really, really grinds my gears.
Some argue that it's silly to focus on such an insignificant detail of a game like this (fighting games aren't usually played for their stories) - especially with male DLC characters (?) showing up soon - and, to a certain extent, I agree.
I don't think my son will care if Tiger Woods had sex with ten different women.
I have experienced, that growing up without the balance of both a female and a male reference person poses great disadvantage (like proneness to addictive behavior patterns, inferiority/superiority complex; the typical problems of unilaterally raised children) and I suspect, that similar effects can turn up in the case of gay couples adopting.
I believe that this initiative harms men more than it helps women because of these reasons:
This particular view comes from one girl in particular, who I was involved with for a time but things came to their natural end.
I am not asking you to convince me that women of a certain race are attractive.
What if the woman I want to mary is of a race I'm not attracted to and I never find out?
Well, there's nothing most Asian girls cherish more than a Louis Vuitton handbag (I should know--I'm an Asian girl), and this is on the list of things that they will buy.
As an Earth Scientist working with and amongst climate researchers, I agree that anthropogenic (man-made) climate change has a significant -- yet unclear and complicated -- impact on the earth's climate, both now and in the future.  
I don't see this as any different to a man who builds muscles while using a hormone.
A very significant Girl (to me) is in this class and I only have one other period with her and she is the only reason I haven't dropped it yet.
I work as a programmer, and so I've seen first-hand how few women there are in my own profession.
When I talk to people about the issue, or come across [articles like this](http://venturebeat.com/2011/10/01/women-in-it/), I get the sense that many people think that computing fields (and STEM fields in general), are dominated by men like some kind of exclusive "boys club", driving women away with their hostility and sexism.
Perhaps being a man makes me inherently oblivious, but personally I don't think that I'm sexist or hostile, and when I look around and talk to my colleagues, they don't seem to be either.
As far as I can tell, most of us would love to have more women in our engineering department, but they're simply not applying.
First, I think that women tend to enjoy the fields themselves less than men do.
I think that women, on average, just tend to not be as interested in that.
I think that many women who might actually find these fields interesting and be perfectly able to have a successful career are not exploring them because they have been unfairly portrayed as being unwelcoming and sexist.
I'm not a woman hater.
I just think that particularly in western society women hold a double standard where they reap a lot of benefits of being "the weaker sex" but only when it is convinient.
You are telling me that out of 3.5 billion women out there, there isn't at least one instance where the world would benefit from her receiving the ol' 1 2?
What I am saying is that to say it is NEVER ok for a man to hit a woman is not a reasonable statement.
It would have perhaps been better to state the title as " I believe that there are certain instances where it is ok for a man to hit a woman."
Women in bikinis are often seen as sexy, but I don't think that makes a bikini a sexual object.
I believe that if a women in a two-piece is sexy, it's either because she is a sexual being herself or someone pushed that sexuality onto her.
I could also understand that it might cause young girls to start worrying about appearance at too early an age, but isn't it really society sending those sorts of messages to children as opposed to the fact that they're wearing bikinis?
I understand men also have to learn to shave, but I strongly believe this is a less arduous task than learning and affording make-up and heels.  
I don't think I should have to, but looking at my working environment, I will have to spend time and energy learning how to dress and present myself above and beyond a 'clean and presentable' standard which men have.  
I think this creates a strong barrier to entry for non 'girly' girls.  
I feel this in incredibly sexist because if I were a man I would not have to learn what I frankly believe to be frivolous.  
I have an issue with mtf trans people trying to clamor into female only spaces, showing they don't really care about women and their only priority is their feelings.
I've heard from many trans people and I kind if understand your mind saying X and your body being Y and why this causes discord.
I  still a bit confused because I hear "transgender" when it seems most are more "transsexuals" as in they aren't concerned with gender roles but wish to be the opposite sex, not gender and not trying to take women back to housewives and kitchens/not trying to be the cave man who drags women by the hair.
This makes a bit more sense to me than transgender because I am of the belief that gender is harmful and should be done away with.
well, I've had some nice discussions with trans people here, and some have said its an innate thing they've felt since forever.
I have been told many times that hormones/surgery are what works best, and that therapy just isn't really cutting it for most trans people.
Things I'm still confused/curious about would be are trans folk trying to change gender or sex?
Other than that, honestly I just want everyone to be healthy and happy, I don't hate trans people or anyone else, and clearly a few here would like me to be their punching bag to vent frustrations at everything to which I say that's fine, let it out, and hopefully you will feel better afterwards.
I am a white male in a school with relatively low bullying (from what I have seen).
I believe, first and foremost, that society's norms for men and women can be broken by somebody simply acting contrary to them.
And I know many upper-middle class female Asians who vehemently disagree with each other on political, ideological, and other issues despite being the same gender, race, religion, and cultural background.
I think that there is a definite double standard between men and women.  
I think that it's possible for women to objectify guys like Ryan Gosling and Channing Tatum, while, if a guy says that Carmen Electra is hot, he's a sexist pig.  
I think that women can hit men all they want, but if a man even pretends to hit a woman, he's seen as a monster.  
I'm also tired of women oogling men while men can't even look at a woman without being accused of being pigs.
So I just read that link on /r/news about the man and woman who raped their 3 year old daughter.
By feeling oppressed by this dynamic, I think most men are fundamentally failing to understand~~ a) how much more common it is for men to be violent towards women,~~ b) the culture of fear and intimidation that such violence breeds, and c) how ridiculous it makes you look to cheer and go "Right on!"
In making the initial point, I was attempting to demonstrate that violence is a way of asserting power or control, and in the case of men committing violence against women, that power dynamic is shifted heavily in their favor.
I have the view that men cheat a lot in relationships, more than is reported, and that women cheat even more than that.
I also propose that the reasons for the opposite theory (men cheat more) being mainstream is because of the following:
I believe with women, it is not normally done like this, and it is more of a one time thing.
If a woman argues about a wage gap, I can only think about Warren Farrell's breakdown of the 25 ways men and women choose different jobs, and see it as pure self-interest.
Example: I am a White Male.
The reason being I am a white male.
Not racist and not sexist, a lot of my friends are "non white" and I think women are capable of just as much as men.
I am a white male born in the late 80's and of American nationality.
I think it is radically unfair that a man can be held responsible for an accidental pregnancy without having any way out once his parentage is proven if the mother does not wish to abort the pregnancy.
I only have a problem with the fact that there is no equivalent decision to abandon the pregnancy for men (only in legal sense, of course).
I know that words on paper have sent men to their deaths, and all that.
The hypothetical situation I gave to him was this: There is an 99 year old man who just died in his sleep.
I just feel that the poor family who could never afford a car would benefit far greater from it than that old selfish man!
I am a heterosexual cis-female with a well developed sense of sexuality and self esteem.
My partner admits that while he loves me and thinks I as a woman am very attractive, he does not find them sexually appealing.
I recently started a big boy job, and in thinking about retirement (TIAA-CREF FTW)
I'm a white hetero Cis male.
I think many aspects of society institutionally discriminate and displace women, racial/ethnic minorities, non heteros, the mentally disabled etc.
I’m a woman.  
I’ve never done any formal reading on women’s studies (probably everything I know comes from reddit, whatever that’s worth).
I read a blog today about a woman who was 20 weeks pregnant with twin girls, but aborted them anyway because "she already had daughters."
I have a large number of friends, primarily female, who have over the last five years really started getting into comic books and superhero culture.
Even though in most cases I do agree that women need a better representation in comics (Which would help develop more interesting characters and plots), I will admit their opinions sometimes feel like an intrusion.
That being said, I have no real problem with the eventual shift from current male-targeted depictions to a more gender neutral archetypes.
I strongly believe that, due to the shift in demographics, continued male-centered marketing will prove to be an extremely unwise business move and will force the big name comic producers to level their tone a little bit.
And while, once again, I do not wholly disagree with the general sentiments portrayed, these sort of incidents whip my female friends into a frothing torch-and-pitchfork style frenzy.
I'm not anti-feminist (said every male-privilege beneficiary ever), I just like comics how they are.
These women I know started liking comics despite the tone they present, and I don't believe it needs to be radically addressed simply because they happened to change their minds.
No one wants women to stop reading what they want to read, but I don't appreciate being made to feel guilty just because I am doing the same.
I believe its ok for women to focus on children earlier because they live longer than men, so its not such a big deal if they start their careers later.
While I see other departments of all women and no one cares or says anything about that.  
By men I mean straight men for the duration of the post.
I believe that most men actually think that women are more attractive while wearing flattering clothing than when they are naked.
I don't mean to say that men don't want to see women with their clothes off, but that men judge women's attractiveness with their clothes on rather than by what they think they would look like with their clothes off.
but if I black man was to hurt a white man based off his race it wouldn't be treated as such.
1.  I do not forward this position as a good argument for reversing the progress made by women over the past 50 years.  
I think we are much better off, both economically and socially, with women being fully equal participating members of our economy.  
Title should read: I dont THINK any woman should be allowed to serve in a combat role in the US unless all women are required to sign up for selective service.
I would support women being able to serve in combat roles in the USA, if they also had to sign up for selective service by the age of 18.
I think if women were required to sign up for selective service there would be a massive uproar and most citizens would be staunchly against this.
I am also on the fence about women being able to serve in any branch of the military in any fashion without all women being required to sign up for selective service.
I say "on the fence" because I believe women should be allowed to serve in all capacities of military service and banning them outright would not help anyone.
But I think that it's wrong that if there was a draft they would have a choice to enlist, whilst men would have no choice not to be drafted.
This gives me a wonderful picture of equal footing among men, governed by rules wrought out of mutual understanding.
I strongly believe that women, much, much more than men, are portrayed as sex symbols across just about every medium of communication.
I take it as a fact of life that "(hetero-normative) sex sells" and that sexy women have been a part of product marketing more or less since advertising came about as an industry.
I don't think that the original sexy image necessarily connotes negative things about women!
When I see a sexy woman in an ad, a video game (I'll be frank, the controversy over Dragon's Crown was what prompted this CMV), a movie, whatever, I do not think my cultural background limits me, or anyone, to objectifying that woman.
If this ad/TV show/yada yada does not provide me with the appropriate narrative about this symbol (i.e. regardless of its creator's intent, if I myself do not build this narrative), I am not necessarily going to objectify this woman!
Being only a high school student, my relationships don't really hold any weight, I know, but I've still met girls that I've had serious feelings for, and I thought they felt the same, but they end up abusing my feelings in the relationship for their own gain.
I've been with girls who, as soon as things started getting serious, changed completely into a totally different person, a person that I did not want to be with.  
To clarify the title: I don't exactly oppose gay marriage because it's none of my business, but, at the same time, a child growing up with homosexual parents wouldn't get the full spectrum of female and male perspective which, for the time being, differ in a few ways.
I will start by saying, I am a white gay male.  
The theory of The Patriarchy, as I understand it, says that men have a great deal more control over society than women and use this to the benefit of men and the detriment of women.
If I don't know whether women are more likely to be assaulted than men, I could use the Patriarchy theory to predict that they would be, and I would be wrong.
For example, I would consider [Chaz Bono](http://www.google.com/imgres?um=1&amp;safe=off&amp;sa=N&amp;hl=en&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=955&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=8DEIDkSPixs2qM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/17/chaz-bono-65-lbs_n_3293212.html&amp;docid=Ug0X2bq2vcpDqM&amp;imgurl=http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1143856/thumbs/o-CHAZ-BONO-65-LBS-570.jpg%253F6&amp;w=570&amp;h=900&amp;ei=4AMHUtj4I8Kg2AWf0oGQDg&amp;zoom=1&amp;ved=1t:3588,r:0,s:0,i:90&amp;iact=rc&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=178&amp;tbnw=116&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=40&amp;tx=46&amp;ty=55) a man because he actually looks like a man.
But in its current standing, its not really a plausible OS to do a lot of multifunctioning tasks, more high end stuff, etc. Dont get me wrong, I love android, huge fan boy in that regards.
(Note: I am a non-white female, as one would guess.)
If I go out late at night, there has to be a trusted man with me.
I am a woman, and I am American, and everyone knows how to to take advantage of that.
Yet, if I a woman knows that she won't be able to handle this baby, or if it was born out of rape, there are plenty of states where I wouldn't be able to abort it.
**I now believe that men and women face different problems and that's okay.
When I was 10, I rejected everything and named myself a white male.
I hope we can stick to female-on-male rape and whether it’s a cause for alarm.
Or am I wrong, and I’m just ignorant of what a problem female-on-rape is?
While clearly statutory rape, this seems to me as somewhat trivial compared to when a woman is violently raped by a man.
I certainly don’t want to suggest that any males who have been a victim to female rape should just “walk it off,” or whatever.
For simplicity's sake I'll assume for the purposes of this example that you're a heterosexual male, but feel free to substitute whatever gender actors you prefer.
As background/demographic information, I am a white, cisgendered male.
So I guess I have always had a somewhat "controversial" standpoint when it comes to defining what constitutes rape; I get furious whenever I'm watching the news and I see a young girl who claims to have been "touched in an inappropriate fashion" or "violated by her best friend" - what she does not realise is that by blaming her poor friend she has condemned his life to misery over something essential quite trivial.
These guys probably don't even see it as non-consensual, hell I bet in most of the situations arise from a girl getting too drunk and forcing a guy to have sex with her.
I've been some situations were the social expectations on men hit me hard.
I was a man child at 20 and I had to man up so fast.
I just wanted to make it clear I would have enough reasons to be mad at all the gender roles that are imposed on men.
I don't support male-on-female violence, neither, unless it's on self-defense.
I have found that most if not all their members deny the possibility that men can be raped by females.
She is just such a shitty human being, and I cannot find anything remotely good about this woman.  
This girl had the nerve to berate me on Christmas morning.  
Yet, what I think would be more helpful than a set of reasons why ~~Overcoming My Fear of The Man Suppressing My Natural Self with Whatever Mental Ailments Come Attached~~ (which would be appreciated, but which I've confronted myself with many-a-time before) would be some data or tangible support (that I therefore can't debate back around in my head on bad days) about the way that mental illness precisely fits the category of a "chemical imbalance" as the phrase goes. ...
Also, as a man, I wanted to educate myself more about feminism by engaging with active and vehement feminists.
I replied to the thread with, "I don't know if this one is necessarily sexist because a woman could say this about a man.
I thought that maybe someone on the subreddit would explain to me why this comment was sexist or offensive to women, but instead I was banned.
I occasionally brought back a girl I was dating to our room, and there was always a weird reaction when she wasn't white.  
After talking, I found out Roommate A is okay with looking at lighter skinned Asians like Japanese/Korean/Chinese, but will only date Chinese girls.  
I think that attractive white women lead easier lives than the rest of society for several reasons:
* They are attractive women -- I know that the counter argument for this can be phrased along the lines of "women don't lead better lives just because men desire them."
But more women graduate from college now than men, almost twice as many; girls do better in school than boys; scholarships exist for women to pursue male-heavy fields -- so in ten years I think the world will be much different.
I also think that the world today encourages women to talk about their issues (male-female rape) while discouraging men to talk about their issues.
I realize that all of us have our own struggles, but seriously -- compared to a lot of other people, I really don't think attractive white women can or should complain all that much.
I hear women talking about how it's an abomination that they should be taught to watch what they wear and how much they drink because it impinges on their rights.
Now I am not saying in any way that if a women gets raped it is her fault, but I am saying that a women a degree of control in the situation.
Take the following example into account: I am a man and I would like to wear my expensive Rolex out at night.
These are things I have a right to do just as a woman has the right to wear whatever they want or drink however much she wants t.
What I want is to be shown, or explained to me that socialism and communism isn't solely dependent on the concept of the common man are victims.
I believe that in a capitalistic society the best should have the most resources, and they best basketball players are clearly men.
I am all for equal treatment and opportunities for women and unlike many gamers, also understand and accept that there is a rather alarming sexist streaking in the gaming industry.
But I feel that radical feminists dont want equal treatment, they want to be treated better than men.
Ignorance breeds hatred and as far as radical feminism is concerned, all I know about it is that its a bunch of women who [allegedly] want equal rights for women but are somehow 'radical' about it.
I thought that it might provide a variety of responses and ideas but all I got was a chorus of nos,nopes and men can't be raped.
It seems crystal clear to me that if a woman is raped she has the sole right to choose whether or not she keeps the baby and even outside of a rape like an accident or even within a marriage she once again has the sole responsibility/right of whether or not to keep it.
When a man is raped (Please,please,PLEASE do not infuritate me with 'this doesn't happen')
I'm a pro-choicer by nature, and I respect that many women and men believe that abortion is morally wrong.
I have a significant amount of friends who are into it, but it really seems to me like they're constantly in search of their next fix and are insecure about it not happening, this is guys and girls.
I see these young, otherwise beautiful men and women who have these nasty, disease colored arms, legs, backs, breasts and what not these days.   
One of them stood out to me, it was that 1 in 4 college age women will be raped by the time they graduate.
I should append that though I am of this belief, it is not something I act on or preach because whilst I do not believe a successful man with a high flying career who positively contributes to society is worth the same as someone with severe mental disabilities and is unable to function normally and requires constant care and attention, I also don't think that it's their fault they are worth less than another person.
While I side with the majority on that one, and think slut shaming in that context is wrong, that message is also often accompanied by the declaration that women should be able to dress and act however they want and not be shamed for that either.
However when I see women in revealing attire, especially posted on social media such as Facebook and Instagram, I don't think they are being sex positive at all.
For reference, I am a young woman who is mostly liberal minded, and this is probably the most 'radical' view I hold.
This pretty much describes my co-workers (and people who were on the same course at uni’), I can't have a normal conversation with any of them, the overwhelming majority are essentially man-children (or suffer from autism/Asperger’s) and any conversations that happen to spark up will revolve around something like Pokémon, My Little Pony, Anime, porn or some game that all of them play like World of Warcraft etc. etc.
The abortion debate appears to me to have more to do with controlling female sexuality than it does with protecting the lives of innocent fetuses.
I believe that if men realized that sex could potentially lead to pregnancy, with all its associated costs (weight gain, sore backs and feet, acne, hormonal mood swings, lost time at work, stalled careers, inability to attract other sex partners, indigestion, sore breasts, preeclampsia, the trauma of miscarriage, raging appetite, potential for severe health impacts and death, etc.)
I recently went to see the movie *Ella Es El Matador,* a documentary about female bullfighters.  
Whether or not most bulls would be happier fighting other bulls in order to mate with female cows instead of fighting matadors, I don't know.  
I am not talking about when a women is raped and b)
This to me appears to be a case of gender inequality, where a man cannot deicide if his child lives or dies, and is forced to pay for his partner's decision, whereas a woman can abort a child even if the father wants to keep it.
I would like to state also that I am not convinced by the argument regarding a woman's right to control her own body, as this is like saying someone can't vote because the outcome of their vote may harm someone, which is completely undemocratic.
I'd just like to state that I am in no way advocating forced abortions, I just believe that if a man doesn't want to have a baby he shouldn't be forced to pay child support because the mother doesn't want an abortion.
I am in no way saying that a man should be able to force a woman to have an abortion against her will, but if a man expresses his opinion that he does not want the child, she must make the decision as to whether she will keep the child or not, knowing that she will bear full financial responsibility.
Now I'm not saying I'd date a girl (me being a heterosexual male) *just* because she's hot, compatibility is another prerequisite for a relationship, but frankly (read: crudely) she's immediately out of the running if she's fat and/or ugly, and I most certainly do **not** think myself to be shallow for thinking so.
I am a white male, and for my entire life (31) I have been exposed to lots and lots of people, particularly in the media and politics, but also in my career, who believe that white males have unfair advantages over the rest of society.  
My current career field (early childhood education) is female dominated, and I have to be extra cautious to avoid the possibility that anyone could accuse me of anything in a way that my female colleagues never have to worry about.  
It just frustrates me when I see the news every day and I hear about how good white men have it, when frankly I have never experienced it.  
I still don't believe that white men are simply "favored" in American society, but I think many of you may consider my reasoning semantic.  
As a non-affluent, non-ultra successful white male in a locale in which I am the minority, I am constantly told how good I have it.  
I still don't believe white men have it good, but I think that is because no one has it good, except the very wealthy of all races.  
but what I am interested in is actually: 2 average people, 1 male, 1 female, both heterosexual.
&gt;Just because I'm on friendly terms with my female co-workers, that doesn't mean they're my friends.
I suggest doing some reading in it; you'll see how "boys and girls cannot be friends without sexual attraction" doesn't work.
My friends who are male like me because we share things in common and have fun hanging out.
I know if I need a good rant or some male in sight, I can count on them.
Those girls know me and know I'm not a threat.
If you can find the source let me know) I remember thinking how could you take a kid at that age wanting to be a girl seriously?.
Given these preferences and the women-specific phenomenon of pregnancy, i think it's more pragmatic to have the woman in the relationship put her career on the backburner to prioritize taking care of the kids.
I just personally do not think this is very likely as I go to a very top end college and it is more much difficult for women to make a career for themselves in our slightly sexist society.
For example, when modern feminist organizations argue for a change in the portrayal of women in television, I believe that they do so in direct opposition to the ideals of democracy.
I knew this girl (not sex specific really) who i could tell had parent issues and liked every single fandom she could to be accepted to as much culture as she could.
for the record, i'm a female who used to wear high heels to work.  
i've made the decision to stop wearing them, but am disappointed that in many circles, high heels are considered a normal, essential part of the professional woman's wardrobe.  
I hear of this issue most often in schools, where a transgender person uses the 'wrong' bathroom and people get upset.
I think that ideally, bathrooms should be gender-neutral but for some reason that isn't reality so let's deal with what we've got.
Men can wear dresses, women can grow beards, I don't care.
As it stands currently where I live, a woman can have an abortion, but she has to go in and talk to someone alone to be sure the man isn't forcing her.
It seems unfair to me that when a child is born, if the woman wants it and the man doesn't, hes forced to pay child support, but if the position is reversed the woman can just go have an abortion.
I think in the case of an accidental pregnancy, if the woman does not wish to have a child and the man does wish it enough to lose the woman over it, she should have to carry the baby to term and the man should get sole custody afterwards.
I understand that that would force the woman to spend nine months carrying a baby she would not want to, but that would be a consequence to her actions (everyone knows sex is never 100% safe, so its a risk we take every time.
I had not yet placed myself int he shoes of a woman, simply thought from a viewpoint of a man who might want a baby that is being taken from him.
I think if we could medically incubate babies without a female, then this opinion would be viable.
I also think single parents (male or female) should have the opportunity to adopt, following the same rules/guidelines/procedures as couples.
I don't think a woman should be forced to remain pregnant with a kid she does not wish to have.
I support a woman's right to choose, but I think the sooner the abortion happens, the better.
From what I understand, everything manned craft can do, unmanned craft can do better.
I don't want to understate the value that manned space flight can provide in terms of inspiration, but it seems to me that without so much labour and cash being wasted on the ISS and LEO missions in general we could be probing Europa and other moons, looking more in-depth at Mars, have more (and better) Hubble-esque telescopes, etc, all of which provide much more data and knowledge.
I won't argue about some small views on Youtube, but guys and girls that uploaded shit to Youtube and got a major deal out of it.
The only logical explanation I can see is that the execs behind the show are homophobic and made sure that if any sexual chemistry developed between Sherlock and Watson - even if it was subtly implied - it was to be between a male and female, rather than two men.
I'm not saying Sherlock and Watson *are* gay, but the bromance is still there (and as a straight man myself, it's refreshing to see that kind of relationship on TV).
Should I be getting handjobs from men?
I have had relationships with men and consider myself bisexual.  
The best way I can describe my discomfort is that the women at strip clubs are real.  
The difference is that, when I'm there, it feels like we are using the visit to the club and the women there to enhance our experience with each other.
When he goes without me, it feels like he wants that "real, live woman" for himself.
He said it would hurt him if I tried to get and maintain sexual attention from other men, and he totally understood why I'd feel uncomfortable with the same behavior from him toward women wearing a lot less clothing.
To me, this seems more like the little girl has made a generalization about men, thinking that if this one man doesn't love her then all men must not love her.
This idea strikes me as sexist, assuming that all men must be something simply because her father is.
If a little boy grows up without ever playing catch, I don't think that's because his father wasn't there for him, I think it's because the mother didn't want to play catch with him.
The website claims that this is a gender neutral and abuse-free lifestyle and in fact it is usually the woman that suggests it (I find this claim hard to believe).
I also don't like how porn can be very degrading to women.
I think that read something like 'how do christians justify their crusade against women?'
I've seen people argue that the fetus doesn't have the right to occupy the women's body without her consent, but isn't the consent implied given that the women is at least partially (rape notwithstanding) responsible for putting it there in the first place?
With that said, I genuinely believe that the idea of abortion as a woman's rights issue is less about women's right itself than it is about giving pro-choicers something to get angry about (because one pissed off person who agrees with you is worth  50 calm/quiet ones as far as politics are concerned), and would love to have someone logically change that, since it does strike me as an easier stance to take that it's a women's rights issue but alas I can't side with something I find logically wrong, even if it seems easier, so please CMV.
The only thing I can give Jobs credit for is spawning over zealous apple fan boys.
The way I see it, "cunt" is "the most offensive word in the English language" because women made it so.
I seriously believe that women hold "cunt" as such an offensive word for little to no reason at all but *just to have it as an offensive word.*
I would most certainly use protection and I wouldn't go to anybody's house unless I had a good full picture of the girl.  
I thought, upon reading the first book, that it was awesome to have this man obsessed with honor have this one unavoidable proof of his hypocrisy - but not to resent that it (ie, his son) exists.
I know genetics can vary and a blonde man can have a brunette daughter, but this is Westeros, where Ned, Jon, and several others figured out that Cersei's kids weren't Robert's on hair color *alone*, so obviously DNA works differently in Westeros.
When I say "Bigger" I mean literally a greater amount of congressman and women in the house of representatives.
I have a friend who a few years ago came out as trans.  
For these reasons I think women are really only attracted to a man's looks despite what we are told by the media and PUAs.
But when you see women express themselves on, well, shadier online forums about men, they usually don't say things like "OMG Bill Gates is so rich he makes me horny", they say "OMG he's such a sexy handsome stud, I'll do anything to have his babies".
I'm inclined to think that it's all due to societal nurture that override women's natural instincts, but I'm open to change my views.
I'd like to preface this by saying I am an 18-year-old male.
As a woman, it feels frustrating that, as an American citizen, yes I have the right to vote but the one vote, my vote, that doesn't seem to count is for the one thing that should be most important: the President that's going to run my country.
The feminist movement in America (the one I'm most familiar with) has shown that women and men are capable of contributing to society as equals, and that neither is inherently superior to the other.
But from what I can tell, the necessary linchpin is giving women agency and control of their role in the economy and society.
People argue that this screwed over the male to female ratio in China, but I argue that this is agood thing because now that there are fewer women than men, there should be less children and a more stable population size.
Why I say that it is a disgrace to 'old time' country music is because the old stuff had meaning, substance, so to say and a good story and writing technique, for example, writers like Chris Ledoux, George Jones, and 'The Man in Black' Jonny Cash.
I do believe that women SHOULD be able to wear what they want without the fear of getting raped, just like anyone should be able to carry on their person without worrying about getting robbed.
I came here to say this but boy, that escalated quickly so to the top with you!
I see what you did there and it feels good man.
Personally I think that the concept of a male who identifies as a woman or a female who identifies as a man weakens the LGBTQ community's stance that the gender binary is oppressive.
I also find this to be true of "butch" lesbians, etc... People should just act like people.
Due to pregnancy being a natural result of sex, I think that a woman who has chosen to have sex has given implicit permission for the resulting fetus to use her body until it can be normally born (on my phone so I can't find the source, but googling the effects of a premature birth will show why I chose the word "born" here, which has nothing to do with method used but everything to do with providing the child with the same opportunity that any wanted child would have at birth), even if protection is used, and it is unfair to the fetus to revoke that permission at any point before it is born unless it would cause the mother to die.
If I have seven positions open, and (looking at just the experience in the field and qualifications) the seven most qualified applicants for said positions happen to be white males, I believe that hiring one or more women or minorities just to be diverse is a bad thing.
If a woman dresses promiscuously (edit: loveyeahyeahyeah successfully made me realize that how a woman dress has no baring on this scenario.  
I understand a black man is more likely to be searched, arrested, tried and convicted- but only if he has drugs in the first place.
Let me start off by saying that I am a white, atheist, male who has no reason to believe that anything in the Bible is more than an ancient fairy-tale, akin to The Odyssey, The Iliad or Beowulf.
With more transexuals, and other people who find their gender to be less of a binary thing and more of a plane, I find it that the terms gay, bi and straight are not discriminatory to trans or other people.
Simply, by identifying with the fact you are gay (note, I am using gay in the sense of male gay), you are saying you are a MAN, who likes MEN, which is fairly opposing to the trans and other gender viewpoints.
I do still recognize that trans, gay and the other movements are all discriminated against, and should have proper treatment and respect.
I have seen several comments and statements from women saying that they once had an abortion but are now anti-choice.
I disagree that she could now justifiably oppose another woman's right to make the same choice that she did, especially if she herself benefitted from that same ability to choose.
It seems to me that people holding this view only want women to have a choice concerning their body if they themselves are in need of having that option.
So, my boyfriend and I got on this topic a couple days ago, because I had seen a woman on WifeSwap practice this for 5-8 minutes every day.
Of course, being a 17 year old male and *against* porn makes me a minority, but nevertheless, I have not been persuaded to change my opinion.
When I got my first computer, my parents talked to me about porn and how women aren't really how they appear in the films and men aren't all that well endowed.
I do however believe that the abortion argument is not a matter of right and wrong but rather a matter of preference, and in all of my feminist classes the argument for pro-choice is that women have the right to their own body.  
You will have to either provide me a reason why women have the RIGHT to make this decision rather than why it should be legal as well as tell me why the aforementioned offenses either don't apply or follow the same rules.
I actually get visibly angry when I hear a friend I've known for years is sleeping with a 14 year old girl.
As a gay man, I find it difficult to see how being trans is a similar situation to mine.
I watch countless youtube videos in which (mostly) white boys film the cops and skateboard throughout building entrances, and I empathize with their courage, but consider it otherworldly and irrational.
So my male friends found out about this, and called me a stalker, creep, ect, but I find nothing wrong with this.
They are not underaged, they are fully clothed in EVERY picture, I do not EVER harass the women in question for more pictures, nor do I comment on the pictures at all, and I do not share them on the internet.
EDIT : I should say my "female FACEBOOK friends", as some of them I have never talked to or met in my life
I think i will stop using the pictures of my friends and classmates, but continue to use the pictures of women who live in different counties that I will never meet.
So many times I've heard stoners argue you can't get addicted to it, that it's a just a plant man, you can't overdose.
It seems to me that advocates of a particular point of view--women's rights, anti-abotion, family values, whatever--get both emotionally and intellectually vested in their point of view so much that they cannot help but constantly change the conversation to fit their own ideological mould and they are unable to be critical of their own viewpoints.
I'm sure we've all seen a movie or TV show where a woman gets mad at a guy and proceeds to slap him across the face.
I personally warn the women around me that threaten to hit me unprovoked that if they do I will treat them as equal and hit back.
Luckily I don't think I have ever have to carry through because most around me know I will carry it out but the fact that women believe they can hit men with no repercussions is a problem.
I know that I should think women are equal and holding these views makes me less civilized, but I haven't been able to find any evidence that would change my mind.
I really want to be able to look at women as people but whenever I see a pretty woman in a nice car, I automatically assume someone bought it for her.
When I see a woman out shopping, I wonder what her spouse does to afford her these priveledges.
I know some girls who are very smart, but they're not on the level of the smartest guys I know.
I also know some girls who are very physically fit but once again they cant compare to the fit men I know and research agrees with both of these points.
I want to get over this beleif because I feel like it is tainting all my interactions with women and as a result the view is being reinforced more and more each day.
straight up reveals to me how much respect this man deserves, and why the fate of the company is at danger.
The premise I have is that we first divorce the term "masculine" from meaning male/man, and we divorce the term "feminine" from meaning female/woman.
Therefore, i believe that all this talk about "women's rights" really misses the point.  
Note: I'm very pro women's health, and womens rights.  
I just believe that the debate isn't really a matter of womens rights, its a matter of at what point does the fetus have rights.  
"Don't touch me, you subhuman scum" the White Male says to the non-White in his country everyday.
Please tell me that White Man can ease down without any outside intervention.
The Inner Light made me cry like a little girl and I choke up when I think about that last scene.
Most of what I hear and see about Wonder Woman leads me to believe she's sexist.
In the depictions I've seen of her she comes from a society that banished men, she seems to be surprised when men are good (and on the opposite side of things, surprised when women are evil) and generally can't go five minutes without calling men dicks because her dad was an asshole.
I don't care on some kind of personal level if she is or isn't sexist, I just kind of want it clarified for me because a lot of people say she isn't sexist - yet in the examples I've seen of her (the Justice League cartoon, the animated Wonder Woman film, the Flashpoint comic book series...)
A lot of people have also told me that while Wonder Woman herself isn't sexist, the Amazons are, so I could kind of do with that being explained too.
I am a 26 year old male, I graduated a couple years ago with a B.Sc and a B.Ed.
Man did I love it though.
He will surely not receive a pardon from Obama or any other future President, but I think we should be grateful that this man decided that his life was worth telling people the truth.
Firstly, I am a male, and a staunch feminist.
I believe very, very strongly that women should be equal to men in all ways.
I recently entered a debate, which quickly turned into an argument, with a woman who was blaming the (perfectly justified) fear that she might feel when she goes out on all men, with my viewpoint being that in generalising all men she was A) alienating male allies and B) warding off potential allies, and that in general generalising is a bad way to go about achieving change, given that a majority of legislators are male.
I was told that I was being patronizing and condescending, and that I had no right in telling a woman how to "do feminism".
When I told one of my friends, who's opinion I value highly, about the argument, she came down strongly on the side of the woman I had the argument with.
Nobody will ever know for sure what really went down, but I would rather a guilty man go free than an innocent man go to prison.
My own sexual feelings about women are very strong, and I've never had any reason to believe that this is abnormal.
Our media reinforces my proclivities by highlighting aspects of women that I already thought were hot.
I have always assumed that women are fully aware of this fact.
Nothing in my wide experience with being raised by women, friends with mostly women for most of my life (I'm 36), and when I was gleefully sowing my oats in my 20s as even challenged this view.
Disclaimer: I am not implying that women are in any way responsible for how men feel or for any actions men take.
 It doesn't seem to me like its human nature for us to value beauty so much either, perceptions of beauty change massively with culture, and at least in the western world, men used to even have to pay as much attention to beauty as women do, yet as culture as changed, we don't have to any more.
Also unless we are comparing Einstein like intelligence here, I really don't think an averagely intelligent person in 2013 does more good for society than does a stunning girl/guy.
A stunning girl will give me a boner, nice fantasies and great sexual experiences that mean a fuck lot more than whether my neighbour can debate pointless politics that noone will ever act on anyway.
Obviously if the nature of man was to ACT upon his convictions then I could imagine a world where intelligence gave us more, but alas that isn't happening, I actually think that intelligence is a bit overhyped by ugly guys who think they are intelligent.
I've already made up my own mind regarding the science and ethical implications such as zygotes and a woman's right to choose etc., and have arrived at those ideas following extensive discussion, debates, and empirical research, but what I wanted to explore further, was the **philosophical dimensions of the abortion debate**.
I believe this is mostly pressure from females to have children, and therefore have a male to help raise the child thus ensuring dna into subsequent generations.
Having Dated a girl with Big Breasts, I find it extremely ironic that she would say that her breasts were a problem, but then at the same time wear dresses which would attract the attention of as many guys as possible.
I really think girls complaining about having Big Breasts and being "objectified" is like someone complaining about being Tall or alternatively some people are naturally ripped and muscular by the time they reach puberty with little effort - it's like complaining about having gifts that will help you Emotionally and in terms of Career in the long term.
I am a 6ft tall male who has worked for hard for my Physique right now, going from a fat-boy to a fairly built individual, who suddenly gets a lot of attraction from females.
I read today about Justin Carter, a man who went to jail for threatening to shoot up a kindergarten class and is facing 8-10 years for making terroristic threats.
I could sit here and literally list over a thousand specifically racist policies, statements or just point to the general type of people who proclaim themselves a conservative who by every scientific test and study have shown an extremely higher rate of intolerance, hostility, and pure ignorance on the lives of African American men and women (not to mention, Gays, Women, hispanics, etc).
Why does this thought come to my mind?...because as a black man i grew up in areas where when someone stalked you it was to rob and kill you.
I am allowed to criticize, say, a woman who gets breast enlargement surgery but not a man who does that, takes hormones, and gets his genitals mutilated to superficially resemble a vagina.
and I am in no way complaining about that) trans individuals are afforded some form of protected status where they are above criticism and I am to not only treat them gingerly but modify the entire way I speak about them due to a cosmetic change,
I believe women themselves are often obstacles in female empowerment.
While the feminist movements around the world work hard to correct traditional perceptions for the sake of equal rights, a high % of rich, successful women **in the public eye** (correct me if I'm wrong) are rich and successful only based on their looks - I'm talking about models and female actors here.
They are inspiration and aspiration to women around the world, and the message they convey (as I see it) is that good looks, getting photographed in bikinis, having a Vogue/Cosmo/Whatever photoshoot, are the ways to be successful.
I don't see how their jobs celebrate women, or women's rights.
I have the same problem with 'risque' photoshoots of models and top female actors.
I just believe female rappers are terrible and generally sound trashy when they rap and as soon as one of them starts i switch to the next song as I've just given up on them.
A lot of people seem to talk about a male dominated culture and I'm not seeing it.
His Portrait of an Artist as a Young Man is phenomenal, and I believe a much superior work to Ulysses (I'm illustrating a point, but let's not take the debate there).  
I guess my main gripe is, if they know a man hits them and they choose to not leave, doesn't that make them a willing participant in an abusive relationship?
One thing that really gets me is when the woman has kids and doesn't leave.
I acknowledge evolution, and I don't think it is a crime for women to smile or drive a car.
It's like people believe some arbitrary distinction based on their preferences makes them part of a nerd elite and gives them licence to adopt and attitude of condescension and vitriol when addressing a 'fake nerd' like me (interestingly enough, I have experience more instantaneous judgement for being a 'fake nerd' than I ever have for being a gay male).
There are tons of instances on the internet where an attractive girl will design and intricate cosplay only to get ridiculed by people who assume that since she is attractive she can't possibly be a real nerd (seriously, designing a well made cosplay takes a lot of skill which I do not poseess and I have a lot of respect for people who do).
I understand the argument that women (obviously) have a right to their bodies and no one should tell them what they can or cannot do with them.
However, in cases of abortion I would argue that the fetus' right to live (assuming that it is indeed alive) must trump a woman's right to decide whether or not she wants to be a vessel for the fetus.
I am not entirely dismissing a woman's right to her body.
I heartily endorse a woman's right to her body, but those rights end where the cells of a genetically unique person begin.
I'm pro-choice, but not for those reasons, for i think regarding abortion as a victimless right; an extension of a woman's right to her body, undermines the meaning and origin of rights and the unique individual of the foetus.
I played sports all through my four years of high school and two years in middle school and all the coaches and gym teachers I ever had are over weight middle aged men.  
My coach yells at us trying to "motivate" us but no one is being motivated by a fat middle aged man who sits on his lazy ass all day and smoke cigarettes and possibly drink beer all the time (I'm not saying he's drinking during school hours but his breath always smelled like beer).
I was previously ignorant of gender inequalities and relations and after reading a ton of /r/askwomen, /r/askmen, /r/datingadvice, and /r/relationships in the past couple months I fear I have grown to hate women, or at least their modern behavior and social roles.
So, if, for example, I meet a women and wish to pursue a relationship with her, I have to make the first move.
Then, should the women choose to accept me, I have to offer a date place and time.
During the dates I often feel like I have to carry the conversation because a lot of women are shy so I have to ask questions about their lives while strategically inserting information regarding myself every once in a while so the conversation doesn't feel so one-sided.
I don't understand how so many women can say they'll break up with a partner if they don't go down on them.
If a women is submissive and a man dominant in a relationship, I think it's completely equal  if the man recieves oral and the woman doesn't.
Obviously if the man likes giving oral that's his prerogative but I reject reddit's consensus that a man not reciprocating oral with oral is somehow unfair, like all other acts in and out of the bedroom mean nothing.
Another thing that bothers me is when women say they just wanted to be treated like a person, or how we treat other guys.
I, and most men, cannot act like I do around my friends as I do you because you would be repulsed.
Don't think I'm also not aware of the problems women face and how they are discriminated against.
Without this, I don't think humankind can come together enough to survive the next century (approximately) without a global, man-made extinction event occurring- particularly a global war involving weapons of mass destruction.
My dad, who's been a racing fan forever, told me that the winner would traditionally be surrounded by pretty women dressed in a revealing way (for the spectators, of course).
That safe zone was *always* intended to have criteria, and so a good 500 of these comments discussing men sleeping around or being serial fathers was always a red-herring to me.
The position that I have settled on, and I believe is the closest approximation to "fair", would be the existence of pre-conception legal statements which include both a mans (un)willingness to become a father, and a womans (un)willingness to become a mother.
Since the chief concern in my experience has been A) women lying and going off the pill to "trap" a man into fatherhood, B) a partner who previously agreed they would get an abortion who then changes their mind upon pregnancy, I think this solution would at least offer an option to help men, and C) the consistence use of reasonable contraception failed.
When I was a lot younger I was asked out on a date by a female childhood friend.
The Founding Fathers were smart men, no doubt about it, but I don't think that any set of laws created almost 250 years ago could adequately cover all our bases in the 21st century.
[Edit: To be a bit more thorough about the pro-life bit: I guess the minimal possible conclusion would be that a pregnant woman of the same vein of thinking I was should not have an abortion without being somewhat inconsistent; the maximal possible conclusion would be that any vegetarian, like myself, should be more broadly, publicly, politically pro-life.]
This girl I'm dating recently told me of an anime called Black Butler, which is after watching the first four episodes, about a bratty little kid and his butler (pictured) who is basically a completely infalible fucking god.
As an anime fan, I want to share as much as I can with this girl, but I need some hope that this is worth sitting through.
As a straight man who got married about a year and a half ago, I think it's ridiculous how many hoops the gov't (U.S.) makes you jump through to get married.
EDIT: I mean an evolved system in a way that it completely eliminated the middle man, while keeping the investment bit intact.
It was about race the moment the entire world decided to disect Travyon Martin underneath a microscope knowing damn well if some pretty white boy got killed by "the violent" black man (because I've had people on here actually claim that black people are genetically more violent) this would've gone a lot (faster) and easier and a black man would be sitting in a jail somewhere, not out with his daughter eating ice cream at chic-fil-a.
EDIT 2: What I mean by "be able to experience more of life than I'm capable of experiencing now" is that being a white male living in America in 2013 limits the possibilities of what amount of the human condition I can experience.  
I'll never be able to know what it's like to say be a black female slave in Brazil in 1840, not that I'd want to, but being able to truly look at the world from different perspectives would be wonderful.
While I already think that this should be changed to an opt in/out system I am more interested in hearing reasons why women's only hours are defensible.
EDIT: I appologize for the sentence where I use the term I. I am female and have taken advantage of these hours in the past I merely meant it to be sort of illustrative but it ended up being very unclear.
I honestly believe that women get exactly what they deserve in the current job market.
While I understand all the hoorah about celebrating women and having to be sensitive about what women go through, I think that's a load of bullcocky.
WHAT I THINK WOMEN WANT:
What I think women want right now is to change a centuries old system of patriarchy within the course of a couple decades all without having to give up any of the luxuries that they have.
Instead of the mentality where it's, "I'll be willing to work for a significantly lower wage as long as I am in a seat of power where I can change the current system and hire more women" it's, "I deserve this because I am a woman and I should get paid equal" without even considering the office culture that grew out from the past.
As I recall, she gave birth to a beautiful baby girl, and literally one hour later, she entered into a conference call with the rest of the partners, gave her opinion, and showed up to court a couple days later for work.
A large complaint I find is the wage gap issue between women and men in middle management (along with the glass ceiling afterwards).
I've met plenty of female SVP and VPs who can all tell you how hard it is to be in their position.
A lot of the women executives I meet are about to break.
I do understand that there is a huge factor for us as a society to enhance the role of women.
I have learned today that more women suffer from minimum wage jobs than men.
&gt;“The main reason why people want to have many children is because of the prophet's saying that: 'marry and produce a good generation for I shall be proud of your great number on the Day of Judgment'” (Female, North, Rural).
&gt;“ No one should say that 'I will have only three or four' because God that created us knows the best for us and we should accept what He gives to us whether seven, eight, nine or twelve” (Male, South East, Urban).
I don't think this should actually be implemented until valsagel/risug is approved for men and until an equally ideal bc is found for women.
I would guess that there is a non-trivial amount of servicemen and -women who, for the most part, actually do view it as "just a job", possibly even some of those who are stationed in active combat zones.
The primary reason I believe this is because I don't think any particular individual that is a certain gender has a brain that is totally opposite their birth gender, and that transgenders switch for purposes of preference, and that that preference should be disclosed.
I believe there was small window during WW2 where we were all united and prosperous but since that time has passed we've begun degenerating as a country and I fear that Americans pigheadedness and constant 'murrica circlejerk is going to blind us to the very real condition of our country where wall street robs the little man blind and a tiny majority of the populous controls a vast majority of the wealth.
I submit that every single female child should get an implant before puberty (until they can find one for males, in which case all males should get one too).
I've heard the argument before, but lately I've taken an interest in watching more of the material on the discussion that a common male-oriented story telling trope is the "Guy needs to save girl" theme.  
[this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx8RRIiP53Q) TED talk that really got me thinking about the "guy gets a girl reward" trope.  
It seemed to make sense to me that this method of story telling, albeit an old one, could absolutely reinforce a male POV that they are somehow supposed to save a female, and in doing so, said male is entitled to and should "win" her love.  
*Example:  In the Hidden Messages TED talk I linked to above, the guest speaker makes a point to talk about how all 'boy-protagonist' movies have the simple story of "guy has to rescue his prize(girl)", and that the 'girl-protagonist' movies are about working together, making friends, and teamwork.
That's all well and good as an interpretation (and, as said before, a springboard into gender bias), however, couldn't I just as easily twist the 'girl-protagonist' movies to be just as insidious?  
Instead of a wholesome movie about a girl who saved the day by using teamwork and friendship (thus, being a great example to our children), couldn't I just say "oh, look at this typical girl-movie about the materialism of a couple of girls who want to keep a pair of shoes!  
So basically, I guess I'm saying that the "guy wins girl" trope is sarcastic cherry picking that cynically reduces any story to an ugly gender-type in which a guy is supposed to *take* a girl.
Let me be clear, though;  I'm NOT saying that there aren't men out there who believe they are entitled to a woman by being nothing other than the "hero" or "nice guy" (we have huge reddit communities of people who set these 'friend-zoned crybabies' in their place),  I'm just saying that video games and movies that use the "Guy rescues girl" trope aren't really warping todays generation of young males (at least, to the extent that it's being purveyed), and people who seem to suggest that this is the case are being rather cynical.  
I was in the store one day and a woman who was in front of me was wearing about $800 worth of designer clothes, and about $2000 worth of jewelry.
I believe that, like women, men should not be legally obligated to their children unless they consent.
You can say dogs are man's best friend and stuff, but I'm sure the other creatures we eat are capable of loving us similar to how a dog loves us.
What doesn't seem plausible to me, is that a man who was taking MMA classes three times a week, had no means to defend himself while pinned downed in a ground and pound position, which is stated as being an MMA position.
I think extra time in an exam is like giving a legless man a head start in a race with Usain bolt until he almost beats him, then considering this a good comparison.
I understand if a race wants to stay within their own race but even the non white women want to get with the white men.
but I didn't get the job because of this sexy busty blonde girl.  
I have a lot of experience doing all sorts of things in the restaurant business and I've worked in 3 different successful restaurants and this girl was fresh out of high school and looks so clueless.  
I believe that men are attracted younger girls is completely normal form of heterosexuality.
That being said, I would like make it clear that there I am not talking about monsters who rape and murder helpless children, I am simply referring to the biological attraction of men to younger girls.
I think that it is insane that homosexuality is an accepted and normal thing these days but natural attraction of a male to female is considered some horrible thing if the girl is not above some arbitrary age.
I think that most men would be lying if they said they never found some random teenage girl attractive.
I short, I think it is completely normal for a man to be attracted to young girls.
I remember when I was young the girls that were considered to be sluts still covered there sensitive areas more so than todays celebrities.
I am a 18 year old male living in the united states who has had a series of attractions to males and females.
So /r/changemyview, I have come to accept religion as a primitive man-made way to give meaning to our existence and answer the " big " questions  even though it's depressing ( jotting down depressing for lack of a better word ) to think there is no purpose to our existence.
Secondly, I have to disclose that I'm not exactly qualified to have an opinion on this matter at all, being a (mostly kissless) virgin at age 21 who never really dabbled in dating in general so far - I have, however, been "romantically active" on the internet in the past, holding some sort-of "online relationships" that consisted of prolonged and daily instant messaging with a few girls, but that never lead to any real-life interaction and ultimately faded away into mutual silence.
I am a 24 year old male two years out of a high ranking UC school.  
I feel like less of a man because I don't make anywhere near the amount of money that my colleagues make.
Then I looked at it from the woman's point of view and what it means for a person to own their body.
By natural law, I literally mean what happens because of nature: when a man and a woman have unprotected sexual intercourse, there is a non-zero chance that she may become pregnant.
I also believe the argument has been purposefully manipulated into becoming a "women's rights" issue, to rally vocal support of such groups as feminists, when it really boils down to what the rights of the unborn child are.
**Sadly, nobody posed any views which I hadn't considered already, so it turned into a 1 man vs. the world type deal.
I have no idea how common this feeling is, but i've seen a lot of people call anyone opposed to 'my body my choice' as being misogynistic/ against women.
But I've never really understood *why* these women are receiving so much hatred.
I am easily made jealous, and the idea of any of my girlfriends with another man makes me uncomfortable.
I have seen this quality in the majority of my friends, male or female, and I don't see any way that I could comfortably maintain and open relationship.
However, my girlfriend was constantly insisting upon an open relationship and she would always tell me about her attraction to other friends of ours (male and female).
I see it quite often, living in the western world and consuming western media, this attitude of latent superiority over the "backwards bigoted people with Wrong™ beliefs", be they the Muslims with their treatment of women or the older generations with their treatment of gays, I'm talking about this idea that people have, to use a hyperbole, ascended to some sort of objectively higher plane of existence by virtue of the civil rights movement.
While there were definitely people pushing the civil rights movement for women, blacks, gays and the rest it seems to me that the reason these have caught on is less to do with people becoming more educated in the relevant fields and more to do with the standard of living improving for people enough that they simply occupy themselves with something else and don't bother exerting energy to follow these political trends, opting to just roll with it.
For the record,  I am a white male.
To be clear, I'm not hear to discuss whether abortion is right or wrong as there are many more sides to that matter than just a woman's right to her body.
I just believe that a fetus is a separate entity from the woman, it having a separate DNA for example, that the fate of the fetus is not part of a woman's right to her own body, being that is isn't actually wholly her body.
I think all of us have found ourselves talking with a beautiful boy or girl and lose all the interest after seeing they were boring as hell or not suitable.
I think females have higher value in western society because:
I cannot think of equivalent communities where men are as "in demand" and desirable.
I see this as women being the more desirable gender.
As a man, I don't feel valued or desired and it saddens me.
I constantly see women on facebook and various other web forums talking about how they 'love their plus sized body' and saying spiteful thing about skinny girls such as 'only dogs play with bones'.
I think that this is due to an overall growing acceptance of obesity through things such as Dove's 'campaign for real beauty', which has essentially told women that being overweight and chubby is okay.
To finish: I know this is from the Daily Mail (and of the cast of a reality TV series), but I feel that the pictures at least convey the general attitudes on obesity at the moment, particularly towards women.
Over time I believe that only the men who were able to ejaculate quickly (3 min or less for example) are the men who paved the way for mankind today.
So this man could throw back some alcohol, and while I won't go into details, I definitely have some negative memories associated with it.
I've never met this grandfather (he died before I was born), but my mom has, and she swears that those two men were exact carbon copies of each other.
I don't know if I'm hormonally compelled or what, but ever since I was a little girl I knew I NEEDED to get married to an excellent guy (just like my boyfriend) and have kids with him.  
I'm trying to change what has been since I was a little girl my identity.
I haven't bought any parts yet, but man...
I believe that when it comes to the female half of the human species selecting a mate (i.e. choosing someone to have sex with) they picked based on three characteristics:
However, when I look at an average black woman vs an attractive black woman, I always find myself noticing how much "whiter" the attractive woman looks.
If it matters, I am a black male.
I acknowledge sexual assault is a huge problem, and as a male, I'm often deeply ashamed by how oblivious my male peers can be to the ways they exhibit blatant misogyny.
For the sake of full disclosure, I am a straight white male in my early 20's, in a hetero-normative relationship with a straight white woman roughly my age.
I can assure you, any boy in the care of responsible parents is being taught that rape isn't ok.
The issue I wanted to debate was not whether or not we can legally throw the man in jail, I'm not  lawyer
as combat mos formally open to women (i'm aware women are already serving in combat unacknowledged, which is unfair, but an inevitability of modern warfare), the inherent physical differences between the average man and the average woman will lead the vast majority of women applying to fail the standards of entry.  
First of all I think that a man or a woman can be able to equally love two or more people simultaneously.
I think it origins in the belief that polygamy is only a thing with one man and many women like it is practiced in some religions and sects where the female part is heavily suppressed.
I was literally hauled out of my english literary class once because I called the way the Grapes of Wrath ended (girl in extreme poverty loses her child
I believe that transwomen/men should be called transwomen/men and not women/men.
In the logic of the quote above, I believe the pharmaceutical industry has a stronger incentive to 'give a man a fish' - i.e, to develop drugs that will manage diseases and their related symptoms.
Basically every argument for pro-choice I have heard is "put yourself in the mothers shoes if she was raped" and while I certainly feel bad for the women in that position I just don't think that any amount of emotional trauma is enough to allow you to kill a child.
I have had better sex and deeper connections; I am a more confident and honest person; I have much more respect and much less resentment of women.
I have also made many women very happy and saved a lot of women a whole lot of trouble (by not getting too invested in them when they don't really want me.)
This morning, a former lover (who I am still very close friends with) sent me an article about how a "seduction guide" was removed from kickstarter, because it contained "misogynistic material" that promoted "violence towards women."
The fact of the matter is that sexual expression is complicated and confusing for young men like me, who have been taught deference and complete respect for their whole lives.
Given the context of the reddit post and the way it has helped people like me, do you still think it is overly aggressive/promoting violence against women?
From my research it seems at the very top there is no imbalance in attainment if anything it is slightly skewed towards men, but on a grand scale it seems that guys are falling behind and I cannot for one second believe it is because they are not smart enough.
Note: I am not a cliché redditor who thinks that men are victimized by women falsely accusing them of rape, and proving that to be true is not my intention with this CMV.
We are better off as a society guaranteeing the presumed innocence of alleged rapists while warning those most likely to be victims of certain crimes (e.g. the poor, women in the case of rape) to avoid the situation - yes, I'm saying that telling people to not wear revealing clothing while outside at night is the right thing to do, because abolishing certain criminal activity is a futile goal (i.e. criminals will *always* exist).
- If I'm uncomfortable with the idea of dating a woman who's had 20+ partners and loves casual no-strings-attached sex, then I'm an evil misogynistic slut-shamer.
- If I see 7-year-olds walking around with short shorts and thongs and shirts that expose their stomachs, I'm supposed to applaud them for being strong sexually liberated girls who took a stand against the patriarchy.
If I see a friend who sleeps with a lot of people because of validation and insecurity issues, I'm not going to say "You go girl!
I am not anti-women, I am not misogynistic, and I'm completely respectful of feminism as a /concept/.
Although women are sometimes mistreated, and even undermined by society, I do not think there is a "patriarchy" that needs to be overthrown.
I believe women should feel confident about themselves, they should not be shamed for being sexually open, and should not have to take misogyny in ANY form.
If I say "In general, girls don't play football", I'm not saying girls shouldn't play football, that they can't play football, or that they shouldn't be allowed to play football.
Women constantly say things like "Men can't cook, only care about sex, only care about their pride... etc" but unlike a feminist, I would ignore it.
I don't get offended and I don't label them as a patriarchy for saying that men are all the same in those ways.
I think all in all, feminism hurts the women's rights movement and degrades the importance of women's rights through exaggerating unimportant issues, and being offended by things that are non-offensive.
I am 26, male.
I have female friends, but as soon as I try talking to women in a romantic way it just ends bad.
I have had women sneer, say, "oh, gross" and walk away.
So in summation, based on my experiences, I know I will never be able to talk to women.
It also tells me who a suitable SO would be - the girl in all black with the nose ring isn't somebody I would consider dating.  
I genuinely believe straight men have less of a problem seeing two women get married vs seeing two men get married because of their mental picture of them in the bedroom.
I feel like a lesbian is much more likely and more quickly to be accepted after coming out to their family vs if a gay male does.  
I am a 22 years old female virgin (well i was once abused when i was 16 by a guy who was at that time, my 'boy friend), I never had sex again again because i feel like sex isn't as pleasurable as people states and also avoid relationships of any type.
I've heard of a man who took photographs of flaccid penises, and then blew them up to cover entire walls.  
1.  I understand and agree with all of the ways in which horses are useful/enjoyable to man while living.  
Also, for all those who seem to think it's cold of me to be dismissive of "emotion" as it relates to this topic, I thought it might be worth mentioning that I'm a female.  
I am a 15 year old boy, currently a in high school in the UK.
I'm not suggesting that rape victims are ever totally at fault, but if a girl gets wasted at a party in a skimpy outfit and hasn't/isn't making any effort to protect herself, a small percentage of the blame can be placed on her for being irresponsible.
I think all women should be killed after menopause because they can longer bear children and have no biological purpose to exist anymore, if that makes sense.
I live in the United States, I am against abortion, and it confuses me that if a woman is killed while pregnant it is classified as a double homicide (implying that the baby was alive), while abortion in the first two trimesters is legal.
The fact that women historically *have* been the primary caregivers is why we think this will happen and also why we assume women are the more nurturing and emotional gender (not the other way around -- I do not think my view can be changed on this point).
I don't think girls not wearing shirts should be considered nudity if it's not the same for guys.
Overall, I believe this would help gender relations and prevent women from abusing the welfare system.
I want equality for women.  
I demand the genocide of women until an equal number of women are murdered as men have been, historically, and then a yearly culling to maintain that equality.  
I never really put much thought into it until I spent a good 45 minutes in Claire's watching little girls get their ears pierced while my sister shopped.
But the look on the girl's faces was pure terror and odds are and from the few comments I picked up from the moms, this was more for them than the little girls.
I just don't think it's okay to force a little girl to have their ears pierced without their own willing consent.
I'm 25 years old and I have multiple friends who are dating/living with an 18-20 year old girl.
These guys (and many others, famous actors and their spouses for example) are 1/4 older than the women they're loving, it is making me feel really weird
I believe many of the young girls are too weak minded to say anything back.
Younger women are generally more attractive, and I think a relationship being based off looks is the base understanding of the world "shallow".
The event I am referring to is PyCon 2013, when two men made jokes with sexual connotations, and were photographed and tweeted by Adria Richards.
As far as I can tell, the jokes were not belittling of women.
For context, I am a male in my 20s.  
I think the sexuality and physique of an idolized, athletic female body is often portrayed, and is exaggerated in comics, but I don't think the characters are made to be objects at all.
I'm talking about a guy killing his girl-friend because she cheated on him, or a gold-digger murders her wealthy husband so she can inherit his fortune, or a crime boss gunning down rival gang members just because he can.
I know several women [anecdotally, I find most vegans are female, and I think that corresponds to a higher incidence of eating disorders] who either were vegan or are vegan, and they have told me that going 100% vegan was a way for them to obsess about their diet without the stigma.
I am an 18 year old male and today I was informed that my car insurance just went down to $165 from $180 a month.
I understand the economic aspect of it all, but why is it acceptable for a company to use statistics to charge more to males, but it would be unlawful discrimination if statistics read, for example, that a black person is more likely to get in an accident and they therefore charge all black people more?
I have never, ever (with the notable exception of Sarah Millican), come across a brilliant female comedian.
I'm mainly referring to guys, it'll be a bit of a hassle for women.
As a father of a boy, and a fairly quiet and gentle one (on the kindergarden he's allways one of the best behaved), I'm finding that there are situations in which children know and understand that they can basicly do what they want without consequences.
For reference, I am female, too young to be getting married any time soon, and I don't take issue with marriage, I just don't get weddings.
I appreciate the pain that trans people suffer, but I don't understand how the biological reality can be wished away.
If the woman wants to keep it but the man does not, I think the man should not be able to insist on an abortion, but he shouldn't be expected to support the child.
I'd also propose that the man has to make his intentions clear before the latest stage at which an abortion can be legally performed.
  - I believe you being confused by being a woman does not warrant a CMV post.
I haven't seen any research that indicates that gay men pose more risk than the average.
I know a lot of liberals are saying that women make 77 cents less than their male counterparts.
However, I heard the libertarian's counter point and it's not that they are individually making less, it's just that women work less than men do as a whole.
I am not a misogynist**, I believe women should be treated equally to men in what they do.
I believe that women are capable at doing whatever they want, however, women (as a whole) tend to have interests in jobs that pay less than some men do.
I personally would have no problem having someone who is transgender as long as my partner disclosed that they were transgender.
However, I think that straight men and lesbian women have the right to reject a female sex partner if they discover that she is trans.
One thing that I think is troubling is the idea of the [cotton ceiling](http://www.prettyqueer.com/2012/01/27/requiem-for-a-dialogue/), a phrase coined by a trans activist describing when lesbians refuse to have sex with transwomen.
I think this implies that male-bodied people (with xy chromosomes) have a right to the bodies of women.
I think it's unfortunate that trans people were born in the wrong bodies, but on the other hand, nobody is entitled to sex with anybody.
First, I think that the being lesbian/gay/bi is completely different to being transgender and it seems foolish to group them together.
I personally don't want to associate with transgenders in this sense as it really has nothing to do with me being gay and it makes no sense that we would be part of the same community.
For the record I have nothing against transgenders and i would love to get some opinions on why it's the LGBT community and not the LGB community.
I believe that if people have equal rights, you should be able to omit the words "woman" and "man" in laws and rules, unless there is an extremely good biological reason.
(OT: I am female and I wonder if it's amoral for me to take advantage of these stipends when I consider them evil.
There [are more female students](http://www.prb.org/Articles/2011/gender-gap-in-education.aspx) right now and this is completely irrelevant to me, same as if the graph was reversed.
I firmly believe the title "writer" should be reserved for people who make dignified pieces of work, not poorly structured sentences of a 13 year old girl's fantasy of two characters hooking up.
I feel it depicts women as objects to be degraded, taken, and used, rather than as human beings.
and yes, I saw some thin girls who had been wearing bands that were too big, I also saw a lot of fat girls trying to stuff themselves into tiny bras that made them look like an overstuff sausage being strangled with piano wire.
I saw obese girls complaining about finding cups and clothes to fit, and no one suggesting they could lose some weight.
I saw girls talking about how any fat within a foot of their breasts was actually "migrated breast tissue", because, you know, the rest of your body is covered in fat it doesn't make sense for your armpits or back to have fat too.
1) I've seen many beautiful women, but have never had a desire for intimacy.
This, however, does not mean I look at a woman and think nothing about how beautiful they appear.
I have personally observed this happening with young teenage boys in the gay community.
I also genuinely believe he was a good man, he donated tons of Money, did charity concerts and so on.
Have "cheated" with 4 different women, one of them I'm currently fwb with.
To be fair, I'd wager that 80% of men that cheat are doing it in a stupid way that would get them caught.
So, I'm an American male, who recently went vegan.
While I am horrified by the torture that animals undergo at the hands of the factory farming complex, I do think that man, in the abstract, has the right to kill animals in a humane fashion.
Again, just so we're clear, I am against animal cruelty, but I don't necessarily view man killing animal as "murder."
I'm no social marxist by any means but I've seen posts just anecdotallly complaining about dumb shit like a guy wanting AC in a restaurant, bashing men in uniform, and a nigger that killed a faggot while collaborating and supporting the Chinese.
I am a small (under 100 lbs) female.
I am a gay trans* woman that lives in a very LGBTQ(etc) friendly city, and I am constantly annoyed whenever I see them or hear any of their rhetoric.
As for arguments which claim the universe is contingent on God, I find these arguments to be riddled with straw-man arguments (claiming what atheists believe about the origins of the universe) and false dilemmas (claiming that one view of the beginning of the universe is false, and therefore it must be the alternative; God).
Ever since I was younger, I noticed women in positions of power seem to base their decisions off of emotion while completely ignoring facts.
People say that it's just so egotistical to think that a gay man is attracted to all guys, but I think that's wrong.
If I, a straight man, were placed into a locker room full of naked women, I'd be ecstatic.
I don't think it's any different for a gay man in a locker room full of naked men.
I understand that young men are the most likely demographic to get into an accident, but that does not warrant discriminating against every individual in the group.
I also believe that, as a result, the "women as gatekeepers of sex" phenomenon is also true, and that PUAs exist simply as a rational/pragmatic response to this state of affairs.
I'd much if prefer men and women were truly equal, open, and honest with each other, and themselves, about their sexual needs and desires without feeling any unnecessary shame or emotional baggage.
I'm also aware that women enjoy sex just as much as men (possibly moreso).
I argued with these people against the fact that she should be able to fight regular woman and I found that at the very bottom of it all we just had differing opinions, and that there was no way of changing that.
I believed that there is a difference between transexual women and people who were born a woman, and that a transexual should have to disclose that fact in certain situations, while they believed that transexual woman are 100% equal to woman, and that they should never have to disclose that fact because it is embarrassing.
I am not against transexuals, but they are not the same as women or men.
* Bisexual women only do it to turn straight guys on (and with me being female, this one seems to be the most stupid, IMO)
Don't even get me started on the trans* community.
I live in Switzerland where every male who is physically and psychically able has to serve in the army.
Even though I'd never try it, I could see why someone would want anal performed on them (g-spot, lots of nerve receptors), but what I really don't understand is why guys would want to do a girl in the butt and end up smelling like poo when there's a perfectly good vagina right there.
 An ideal smaller government with less power in more countries would require to tax its people less, not carry such long sentences for crimes, not require its citizens to purchase anything, not be in control of social movements, or have any part in non detrimental choices to others people can make(I should be able to buy soda in whatever size coke sells that I deem adequate to what I want to do with it), not have influence in every aspect of life, not send its young men unwillingly to fight for them, not along side them (I would love to see my congressmen on the front lines in the next drafted war), they would not redistribute the wealth, as this should be a responsibility of individuals, they should not pay for peoples expensive lives, and deaths, but rather make sure the person themselves can afford them, be able to spend 341 thousand average lifetimes of income on the military per year(my own calculation, feel free to check), or simply take more than is needed to keep the country safe, relatively clean, and lower crime.
When I hear "LGBTQIA" (Lesbian, Gay, Bi, Trans, Queer, Intersex, Asexual), I wonder why the last three are even there.
Furthermore, I think people who fall under "Q," meaning pansexual, omnisexual, etc, or genderqueer, are simply either a bisexual who isn't dead centre on the kinsey scale, or someone who is not the shining example of their gender.
I am male, but I don't subscribe to a lot of the things that make you masculine.
Doesn't mean I'm genderqueer, means I'm not very manly.
On online forums and with PC-girls, I always get the 'size doesn't really matter' statement but a lot of times, I find many of these girls (at the ones I know in real life) to compare the sizes of penises and talk constantly about how "full" they felt and how awesome that was.
but I went to school in the US and most of my female friends there seemed to prefer large penises, didn't matter if they (the girls) were white, black, latino or asian.
Yes, I get that its about a "connection" and foreplay and all that jazz but in the end, when it comes down to it, I believe that most (if not all) women would prefer a man with large-sized (not freakishly large but =&gt;7) genitalia.
(Caveat: I am a single, available, and looking heterosexual male.)
But given the variety of physical appearance, I think it's inevitable that all people will find both male and female individuals attractive.
I can't seem to understand why a gay man will act feminine or a gay female acts masculine.
But I don't see many adult straight men or women acting in ways that historical have been associated with the opposite sex.  
I don't think this is the same as a man, that is happy being a culturally-defined male, and another man, that is also happy being a culturally-defined male, in a gay relationship together.
When I turn on the radio these days, it's the same couple of themes that are thrown around by every artist in less than creative ways: money, women, weed.
I think that if Brad Pitt walked through the door more women would leave their current BF than vice versa
I just find it very hard to believe that someone doesn't want to pass on their genes, I mean, it's what all our ancestors have lived for, it's what all animals live for, heck, some spiders let the female eat them just so they have better chances of passing on their genes.
Edit: I am a 6ft something, 210lbs male
I am a 15 year old, agnostic male.
I first though abortion was a womans choice, that she can choice to bring a child into this life or not.
Separate black and white or gay and strait bathrooms would be offensive to many people, I think that separate male and female bathrooms is just as offensive.
I find separate leagues for males and females to be equally offensive.
I find separate prisons for males and females to be just as offensive.
* I'm someone who can be considered priviledged; I'm white, male and middle-class, able-bodied.
* I think a lot of the disadvantages within white, middle-class males are largely ignored particularly one's that result from the inversion of priviledge speculation, people generally think that the priviledges held by white mid-class men means we should achieve more and we are easier to deride when we fail.
I don't believe that our country, culture or legal system is fairly built to support both men and women being allowed to be shirtless (and braless) in public.
I campaign and support womens rights in prettymuch all endeavors, but I can't help but feel a slight tinge of hypocrisy whenever I see a "shirtless" rally to support laws which will allow women to walk around completely topless in public.  
None of those actions would be deemed appropriate if I were a woman.  
Yet the most common argument I hear for equal sex shirtless legislation is **men can do it, women should be able to, as well.
I think my mind is almost changed, but I suppose I should have asked this along with my original post -- What would be the argument FOR equal shirtless laws, other than simply saying "men and women are equal, dur"?  
I believe that NoFap is destructive to the way men see women as they are placing desires that would otherwise be explored through pornography in other human beings, thus elevating them to standards that they will never meet, damaging the way men interact with women.
Yes, I understand that the same argument can be flipped by saying that pornography reduces women to dangerous archetypes, too, but I don't buy that argument: Vin Diesel is always a bad ass every time I see him on a screen, but I don't really think he could fuck anyone up, because I can differentiate between performance and reality.   
And finally, I believe that NoFap is an excuse for insecure men to blame their own sexual desires and personal inadequacies for the fact that they can't speak to women.  
I know a lot of women say that if you make a rape joke, you indirectly support rape.
I feel like not acknowledging this makes straight, white male a "baseline" from which everything else deviates, or even worse, that it should be more desirable than everything else.
I dunno, for officers in the military the original shows female uniforms always looked like Go-Go dancer gear.
In summary I think both male and females should be asked if they plan to take paternity/maternity leave in the near future and that it should be the government paying towards such leave not the company.
I have no problems with the notion of males and females being equal in their general worth.  
What I can't come to terms with is the idea that men and women should have approximately equal representation in all fields / ways of life.  
I absolutely believe that our society in general tends to favor men and it is harder for women to enter fields like STEM or become corporate executives when they are pressured by our society.  
There are very clear physical differences between men and women and I'm hard pressed to believe that there are not mental differences as well.  
A hypothetical example being I find it more likely that given no social pressure women would be more likely to choose the stay-at-home parent from a purely instinctual standpoint.
So the safest Type I vs Type II scenario that plays safest for our rights (I consider a right to life more strong than a woman's right to do something to her reproductive organs, therefore I'd rather risk the former than the latter) is to consider it murder for the time being.
Regardless I still see 40+ men and women  trying to fit in and not be an evolutionary unsuccessful  outcast.
To start things off, I am a heterosexual male, and I will concede immediately that this view is typically used to apply to males pursuing female relationships.
I had a discussion with a Muslim man on the Quran.
I have long misunderstood why a woman who is being hit in her home by a man cannot leave her situation.  
As a middle-class, straight, white male, it is very hard to get ahead in life and I feel like most people want more than tolerance, they want acceptance.
I believe the word "Feminism" is irrelevant in the US today, as it is placing too much emphasis on the word "Female".
I believe that the correct thing to think is NOT to put that emphasis on females, and express this movement as equal rights (e.g. women who still gets paid lower than male in working conditions, women being taken advantage by men sexually should fall under equal rights for being human).
Personally, I believe that people who identify as "genderqueer" or "agender" are taking the state of being, for example, a more feminine male and turning it into a much bigger deal than it need be.
I've spoken to a few "genderqueer" people, and in the end it just seems to come down to dislike with *societal* gender roles - girls who want to look and dress boyish, for example, but still do "feminine things."
It seems to me that instead of trying to show society that a girl needn't be feminine, they're just making up yet another label, and I don't think those are valid.
The ONLY reason I could really see is if you were either guilty, or, say, had a secret (married man at whore house doesn't want wife to find out).
You can assume they are men of means or not, I personally don't think it matters and that 1 powerful life is never more important than two squalid lives.
I believe we have gotten to a point where a black man in a suit is more respected that a white man who shops at the thrift store (which in many ways is good as it shows progress in society).  
All I see feminism is, is that they support women's rights, but they never consider what the other side has to deal with.
As a female, I find that every time I masturbate I feel more focused.
Companies aren't like "Well Tom, I think I'm going to go with the girl with the gender studies degree over the guy with the computer science degree."
I don't know much about that sort of thing, but it meant that when a man smoked a cigarette, he was affirming his power and when women smoked cigarettes they challenged the idea of a male dominated society.
I am by no means any kind of master debater, just a 27 year old male.
I have always thought that women should be allowed abortions in certain circumstances, such as that of rape or when there are signs that the child has serious birth defects that will burden both the child and the parent.
I actually think if I grew up in a very homophobic environment with few gay people, I might experience more frequent/greater attraction to men than I do now.
The same is true of homosexuality (I am only referencing the male version of homosexuality because it seems there is a gender difference in the causes of homosexuality).
Girl I'm flirty with at work invites me round to her house, then tells me the night before that she just wants to be friends.
Marriage for me, a Catholic, is a commitment between a man and woman similiar to the commitment between Mary and Joseph.
I have messaged hundreds of women on OKCupid before giving up after realizing that it was a huge waste of time.
I believe that healthy polyamorous relationships should be held up in society and media, and that it is harmful to imply that a person cannot in any circumstances love two people, or especially that someone (usually female) must choose between Love Interest A and Love Interest B.
What I discovered is that many people believe it would be good for gender equality or even is discrimination that male sports is so much more dominant in public perception than female sports.
I'm a female in college.
For me as a straight male, it would be either an extremely elderly and/or morbidly obese, as an example.  
It would be pretty easy for me to find a male that I would rather have sexual relations with than an extremely elderly/obese woman, and with all the people that are in the world, I would think that it would be possible to do something similar for just about anybody who considers themselves completely gay or straight.  
The fact that I could do this seems to imply that I am still attracted to some men to a certain degree, even if it is a very insignificant amount of attraction.  
It seems that if there are some males that I would prefer to have relations over some females, then I cannot honestly say I am 100% straight.
I have never had much desire to ever have sexual relations with males and calling myself something other than straight would not give people a good idea of what my sexual preferences are.  
EDIT: After reading the comments, I have decided that while my view has not changed it was more of a straw man than I had intended.
On /r/MensRights, no one ever seems to acknowledge the glass ceiling or prostitution (which I think should be legal to 'clean it up' but right now causes harm to many women).
However, on the various feminist sites I've seen, no one seems to acknowledge unequal child custody laws and don't seem to want to give up extra privileges that women have such as being allowed to avoid the draft.
(i'm a 17 yo man)
But seriously, I don't see anything wrong with thinking that a 14 or 15 year old girl is attractive, or "checking her out" or imagining her naked, whatever, when she walks by.
Obviously, as a whole white males are more privileged and are the majority, but for those white males who are not privileged, I believe it is more difficult now to become privileged.
I have nothing but the utmost respect for service men and women, but I never understood the hat thing.
I strongly believe that marriage is between one man and one woman.  
I believe that having your own children, rather than adopting or abstaining from parenthood, shows a complete lack of compassion to your fellow man and to future generations of this planet.
I think that atheists and homosexuals only do this to piss religious people off, after all, they are copying the man/woman or couple from the major religions, instead of asking for, let's say, 3 women and a man, or 5 men and 2 women (why is it less valid?)
However, one thing always sticks out to me--I've been told by more than one of my transgendered friends that if society did not have a gender binary (i.e. the cultural institutions of men's and women's roles) than they would not feel the need to change their bodies.
While, as an openly gay man, I fully understand them wanting to escape discrimination, I can't help but feel that they are giving up and giving in.
But I don't believe, for example, that if a Man has a sex change to become a woman, that once that change is complete, that they should be referred to as a woman.
I'm talking about "genderqueer" people who refuse to identify themselves as biologically male or female.
This opinion is based on an article I read in which the author (identified as "genderqueer", but having tits and a vagina) wrote about how she (forgive my ignorance about genderqueer pronouns) couldn't join Facebook because they refused to provide other "sex" options besides male/female.
I believe that homosexuality deals with **sexuality**, while identifying as transgender deals with **gender**
I despise the darn “the man” ideal-ology.
I have no problem accessing the internet, but I am a man of principles &amp; this just seems to be an exclusive &amp; rediculous policy.
I knew a girl in school with a genuine hormonal problem which caused a puffy face and water retention.
I've been fortunate enough to be born a free man, yet I still feel like a slave.
For some strange reason I'm friends with several girls
[I'm a male, as evident by my lack of orgasm at the thought of the word prom], so I had no problem finding someone who wanted to go with me.
I'm a heterosexual male by the way, I just don't see why there's such a gender discrepancy concerning this.
Not to be cocky, but I'm a decent looking male and my face is much more attractive when compared to a female's of equal attractiveness once they remove all their makeup.
The premises of all of them are that I must WORK in order to not be scum (because I am male).
When I was 13, I claimed being bisexual for about 3-6 months (depending on who I told) because I was struggling with the fact that I liked men, but the norm was to like women.
I couldn't run from the fact that men are fucking hot any longer.
Also being in a high school, I know that a large majority of women claim bisexuality until they graduate, because guys find it hot when two chicks make out in high school.
I'm from quite a 'white' part of London, having little personal contact with black people, but whenever I venture to other parts of town, young black men and boys that I see inevitably seem to wear hoods/hats which cover their faces, and walk around with one hand in their pocket.
When I'm on a bus going past them, they often seem to feel its their duty to stare down every young male on the bus, like some kind of warning..
I don't wish to have this prejudice inside of me, but after being robbed at knifepoint a few months ago by a black male I have come to notice more and more how it seems that the vast majority that I see in the streets have the body language of someone very angry looking for a target..
Just recently i was hit my a Hispanic man in a car crash and he didn't have insurance because he failed to see the importance of that and i ended up fronting for all of my medical which was no fault of mine.
I do not believe a straight male as any more 'rights' than a gay male.  
In other news, if I see a man in say, India, who is sentenced to death for extremely violent rape, not just drugs in a drink but just insanely cruel, and I read comments about how it would be fair to allow him to live out his sad life in jail, I just think, why?
Any girl who would knowingly associate herself with this has made life choices that I consider show gaping defects in her character.
When I hear the statistics about low numbers of women in high cooperate positions or about low number of male teachers, I cant help but think, "maybe the psychology of one sex just leads to more people wanting to do this job."
I have heard some rhetoric on how the pro-life stance is "misogynistic  ("Misogyny is the hatred or dislike of women or girls") and anti-woman".
I can understand the "anti-woman" perspective to some degree:
I find that often times women want to be promiscuous without judgement, but at the same time they look down upon male virgins(especially after a certain age).
whatever my reasons may be, if i prefer a girl who has had little or no partners, how is that different from preferring an experienced man?
The same week I saw a thread telling a girl with a promiscuous past to keep it to herself.
I think that if women can prefer men with experience without judgement, men should be able to prefer women with less experience if that is what they so choose without judgement as well.
That is not to say that I don't think there are TONS of societal norms (many of them gender-limited) that influence all of us, male and female both, everyday.
I understand the history and modern reality of male-centric polygamy, but this is more about modern western society.
I believe that Women must be given the right to choose whether to have a child or not.
However I believe that the man (father of the child) 's request to have the or to abort the child should not be disregarded.
I don't think there are any issues for women to legitimately complain about.
This led to women's oppression, I agree, but now it seems to be fixed for the most part (unless we are talking about certain parts where there is obvious oppression).
I don't really see there to be a difference in the workplace when it comes to wages and work conditions, as well as women in the home, because I see there are getting to be more and more stay-at-home dads and more women assuming men's positions in the workforce and at home.
&gt;Every relationship I've ever had has been completely founded on lies and a false persona that I've made to suit the girl I was trying to attract
[In my speech, although I did not use the word "terrorism," I referred to "man-caused" disasters.
I know that I'm gonna get attacked by feminists who say I want to go back to making women second-class citizens.
I'd peg the number of men who make what is considered a "good living" to be around 10% or less.
And women have extremely high standards for what is considered "good looking" for men (They consider over 80% of men to be below average in attractiveness: http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/your-looks-and-online-dating/), so I'd say that the percentage of men who can get by in the dating scene by virtue of being tall and handsome is also less than 10%.
I would *dearly* love to be wrong though; a manned mission to Mars would probably be the most exciting event of my lifetime.
I know that in some areas Men are not given equal opportunity as women, but I still believe that overall, men are given better opportunities in life.
Also, I think the existence of women standing up for Women's rights is important.
Oh, and I'm a male if that means anything
I believe anyone who works on the Sabbath, has piercings or tattoos, wears cotton/polyester blends, has a same-sex relationship, allows a woman to teach, or allows a woman to speak in church, etc.
Brief story: My friend had been crushing on this one girl for awhile, so I told him that he should tell her and ask her to come with him and me along with a few other people to see a movie because he didn't have a date.
Fast forward a few weeks, I walk into the break room to microwave something and that girl is sitting there with some of her friends.
I further believe it is cowardly to set up straw men to take a beating, instead of putting your own beliefs on the line and defending them.
Whenever I mention how Harper messed up on a specific event some right-wing person near me (people who I know, generally) says that he's a perfect man who's done only good for Canada, and this outrages me.
I'm not saying that all women are inferior to any man.
I'm saying that I think that statistically, picked any woman and any man, the chance of having the man more intelligent / strong / capable than the woman is more than 50% (maybe 55-60% ?
I know this sounds sexist, but I never actually talked to a woman who expressed a good point in an argument, while men are usually more open minded and know their facts more.
Until the contradictions have been hammered out within the feminist sphere, I consider them a hate group along the same lines of white/black power organizations as well as patriarchal viewpoints propagating a "man = right" ideal.
Feminism also holds a very high level of contradiction about its ultimate goal - which I believe was equal rights for women.
Now I already know the counter argument to this 'We aren't saying ALL men, or even ONLY men do it, but we're focusing on that part, honestly.'
Did every man around the world all of a sudden at the same time just go 'I'm privileged!'
From what I can see the majority of the problems raised by feminism (Rape, DV, gender bias for certain things, society expecting you to do XYZ to be a 'real woman') aren't woman issues at all, but in general humanity issues that overall affect all humans equally.
Then last night my boyfriend sent me a shock gif of a girl sucking off a horse, with some joke about how that was nothing to some stuff he'd seen.
I agree that it is unethical, but should be legal to abort a child for any reason and that by putting your own ethics and telling a woman what she should be able to do with her body is wrong.  
I believe that the government does not have the legal right to tell women what to do with their bodies.
And I certainly think a man can rape a man.
I don't believe a woman can rape a man in that way.
I just read an askreddit post today where a woman was dating a guy who cheated on three of his past five girlfriends.
I also understand that women are oftentimes not preferred in leadership positions.
I support equal rights, pay, opportunities for women and homosexuals.
I disagree with the feminist conclusion that this necessarily means men are more privileged than women or that said patriarchs favour men in society.
I don't believe they can back up this claim, as one cannot cite a form of female oppression that does not have a corresponding and equally devastating form of male oppression.  
I would suggest that Patriarchy theory is a disproven hypothesis and should be replaced in Western feminism by Oligarchy Theory, as it's the best explanation why most men and women are exploited and oppressed.
Back in the late 80s someone handed me a copy of Warren Farrel's "*The Myth of Male Power*" and said something like, "Maybe I shouldn't give you this; you're already bad enough."  
In general I found that the feminist response to all their critics that were male was to falsely accuse them of sexual crimes.
To be more specific, I understand why we would need to list other human beings as 'Male' and 'Female' when it comes to reproduction, or accepted biological differences such as increased testosterone and estrogen.
I think it is possible for a man to be far more intouch with his emotions than some women.
I think the fact that people can go around saying they don't identify as a man or woman is a privilege in itself, and I think those same people are victimizing themselves.
I understand if someone doesn't identify with the gender norms of their own gender (as a female, I have no interest in shaving/children/popular fashion/looking pretty by American media standards), but I don't understand why people have to create new genders and shit like that all the time.
I have been dating a beautiful woman for six months.
Also: for the record, I am not a smart man, I'm average my IQ is in the 110-125 range (the differences lying in varying degrees of restfulness and different tests).
Things like female circumcision, child soldiers, genocide, the lack of the rule of law, the extreme mistreatment of women, etc. etc. are all things that make me think some cultures are currently just better than others.
But anyway, I was taught in undergrad that all cultures are just different, but it seems to me cutting off baby girls' clitorises just makes some cultures shittier than others.
From what I can gather by eavesdropping on female conversations both in real life and on female-centered forums of the internet, women considered short men a waste of human space at worst (https://twitter.com/expsnghghtsm), and at best a tribe of men carrying a physical curse that makes them unattractive but datable provided he "makes up for it in other ways" and provided the woman can "get over the height aspect."
Yes, I can confidently say that nearly every single female, when she envisions her ideal man, envisions a guy around 6'2", plus or minus a few inches depending on how tall she is.
I do know some short guys with hot girlfriends, and I sense that, while the girlfriends love being around the guy, they aren't terribly excited about showing him off to their parents or to other girls.
I had the displeasure of witnessing an event where a group of girls were talking and after one mentioned that her boyfriend was 5'4", the other girls in group kind of gave her an "I'm sorry about that" face, if you know what I mean.
I'm not a misogynist and I actually never said anything about whether women "should be allowed" to do this or that; and further, I never made any claims about what's immoral and moral.
You might be surprised to hear that I have no problem with women, or anyone, being shallow or egotistical.
What irks me is that short guys are always given by women the disingenuous advice that if they're not succeeding with women, it's only because of their lack of confidence or their general attitude.
I think that's insulting to a lot of perfectly normal short guys, who don't even think twice about their height, and who are confident and just trying to test their luck with women, and get immediately shut down under the false pretense that they're just too insecure or whatever.
I'll also say that women haven't seen these guys in real life, and so they might actually find that when they see their handsome faces on such a small body frame, they're actually significantly less attracted to these guys.
FDR was able to disguise his paralyzation through TV, so I wouldn't be surprised that these guys can maintain a physically attractive male image through elevator shoes, camerawork, etc.
For example, supposing I were gay, would my attraction to other men itself mean I should be encouraged to pursue a sexual relationship with one?
And not for any direct benefit to myself, but just for the *chance* to meet a girl that I might like.
I think that women's gymnastics is a harmful sport that should be excluded from the Olympics.
I realize that these reasons aren't as important in male gymnastics, which has a wider range of ages, but I think that both would have to be excluded if either was excluded.
I also realize that gymnasts are incredible athletes and that some of the female gymnasts are self-motivated at that age.
But I do believe that if both men and women have the right to marry as many or as few people as they want in a society that does not in any way provide economic incentives for marriage, then there is no problem with that, in my eyes.
By "nice" feminist I mean someone who isn't an anti-male sexist.  
And to get more specific the sort of evidence I'd count as showing personal sexism against men would basically be:
Again I have met "nice" feminists before, or at least feminists who didn't reveal anti-male sexism in the course of a short conversation.
I see a lot of people going on and on about it, and most people's main point is that women have a way to opt out of parenting (abortion) but men don't.
I actually agree with this, men should be allowed to decide not to parent the child, and it's unfair that they can't.
I keep reading posts (one is at the top of /r/CMV now) insisting men should be able to decline child support for a child they would prefer be aborted - that is to say, if a woman doesn't have an abortion, child support could be optional.
Aside from the havoc this would cause fiscally, I don't see why men can't be expected not to fuck women they wouldn't have a kid with or deal with the consequences.
Edit: a valid point I forgot to include was that women do not generally participate in American Football.
I'm not saying they have to be eligible for service on the front line or anything like that, but for hundreds of years women have been fighting for the right to be equal.
I don't understand specifically why they don't have to sign up for it like American men have to when they turn 18.
I think it's wrong to force men to sign up while their female counterparts don't have to worry about a draft being enacted.
If they had to sign up, knowing men are biologically more physically gifted than women, I think we could make certain exceptions for them to work in offices, factories, and other parts of the military instead of putting them out into battle.
I am simply commenting on western society's view on adults (men and women) being sexually attracted to post-pubescent minors.
I think that if we allow them to express their preferences, they'll end up changing themselves: like how the drop in population following Europe's plagues raised the value of peasants and led to an improvement of their treatment and living conditions, a shortage of women will lead to men and coexisting cultures having to compete for them more, leading to their being treated better and discriminated against less.
It also tells me that they believe that female-bodied individuals deserve to be punished for consensual sex, whereas those who have non-consensual sex don't.
I honestly believe that men are biologically built to be "in charge."
And while I don't have ANY problem with women who work or even feminists, part of me thinks that it's a learned behavior.
I just feel like men should be in charge.
I think there's a reason the vast majority of BDSM relationships have men in the dominant role and women in the submissive role.
Basically, I think that women are built to prefer men to be in control, but men and women been told for the past ~50 years or so that this isn't acceptable.
I don't think abuse is acceptable, nor am I suggesting that women live their lives wrong and have been corrupted by evil feminism.
I can't even speak about any issue involving racism or feminism without hearing that,"You're a white male, you know nothing about oppression."
All circumcised males I associate with have got a very fucked up view of sex.
If you go to a bar in a bad part of town where there are tons of drunk men looking for one-night stands, and then you decide to wander drunk in the alleyways of those neighborhoods, or go home with some random guy and expect him to not want to sleep with you, well it's just hard for me to feel like you're a total victim of circumstance or agree with the notion that guys everywhere are out to rape you.  
Anyway, I don't want to be an ass and act like rape doesn't happen, I'm just having a really hard time believing this statistic that 20% of women are raped, when I have yet to have met a single woman who has been raped by a random stranger.  
I just don't see good justification for why a woman can't walk around alone at night without necessitating paranoia.
I guess the recent issue where a girl publicised her rapist's name: http://www.xojane.com/issues/tucker-reed-outs-rapist-at-usc
What if I were to post "I think all old science fiction shows are too dated to be enjoyed, CMV" or "I think screamo isn't music, CMV" or "I think the Doctor regenerating into a woman is a bad idea, CMV"?
But when I go to bars (usually the majority clientel are men), I dont see many male bartenders, if ever.
Sure I may meet the woman of my dreams, get married and have children and be happy, but *a lot* of people don't do that.
I believe murder is worse than rape and find it odd that someone who touches little boys gets put on a list while someone who kills a little boy goes to jail, is released, and no one would be the wiser.
Reddit constantly talks about rape culture and I think that the big thing everyone is missing is that our system of dating, in a lot of cases, turns women into prostitutes, because it encourages men to spend money on women so that they will deem his value enough so that they will sleep with him.  
Granted I am not justifying the behavior,  nor am I saying every woman does it, but before we can teach men "not to rape" we need to change the courting game.
I think women should definitely be allowed to get them (and even paid for by the state), but I still find abortion to be morally wrong.
I have talked with a few gay men online and they were very nice people.
You see ever since I was a little kid my parents always said that men should be together with women and that it was wrong for boys to kiss other boys.
I would say I feel more attracted to women, but I've felt also a little attached to some guy friends.
I'm a genderqueer/genderfluid/some other third thing biological male that's made no attempts at allowing that fact to affect my personal life.
 I would argue that in my immediate universe, the immediately visible effects of the patriarchy aren't immediately visible, though that may be because being a biological male, I tend not to fall victim to any of the adverse effects that might emerge from being a female, which might skew my views.
The reason I'd like to have my view changes is that I frequent an all-women's college which tends to view these inequalities that I identify as Third-Wave issues as more significant than many Second-Wave issues.
I would personally argue that securing these basic rights, women truly becoming equal with men, should come before things and nuances of that nature.
I guess the biggest problem is that I can't take women and their relationship/loneliness/depression problems seriously.
It's like, women get to choose from the best of the best, and I'm supposed to compete with Handsome McAlpha and Brodude Athleteson.
So, I can't see women as truly "foreveralone" or even "lonely", and as someone who is, every time they complain about shit like that I want to fucking throttle them.
In the aftermath of the Newtown shooting, Williamson wrote a longer [piece](http://www.nationalreview.com/articles/336529/regulating-militia-kevin-d-williamson) about how the 2nd amendment was really about protecting us against the government, which is how I convince myself I'm not making a straw man argument here -- this is appearing in the National Review for crying out loud!
I think it's great that transgender people are becoming more and more accepted socially and otherwise, but I don't understand how the same people that are perfectly happy to accept someone who doesn't feel like they were born the right gender will scoff at the prospect that someone could legitimately feel like they weren't born the right species.
I'm not good friends with any transgender people, and as far as I know I've never met anyone who identifies as another species.
In the men's rights forum, I've been invited to share my perspectives on female on male rape, as a victim of the crime...as long as I don't ever mention I'm also a sex positive feminist, or criticize the internet war on trigger warnings.
I've seen a lot of white men whine that they should be able to abandon their kids because they didn't want their risky sex to create one, and win upvotes aplenty.
I've seen all kinds of condemnation of black fathers for doing the same, no empathy at all from those defenders of men's rights to be found.
I'm just a growing boy, age 22 with growing up issues.  
But I don't see why it bothers females so much.
From my experience (I am a white 18 year old female), black people often show much more hostility toward white people than white people show toward black people.
I strongly believe in a utilitarian system of mortality and would sacrifice an innocent man to protect many more.
But I really find high school aged girls sexually attractive.
If it were legal, I wouldn't have a moral problem with engaging in consensual sex with a 15 or 16 year old girl.
No, I have never looked up jailbait shit, I would never think of touching a girl below the age of 18.
I am fully aware that society frowns upon being attracted to minor teenage girls.
I don't think there is a situation that is "safe enough" for that kind of risk, for men or women.
So, with my grandmother's advice in mind, I believe that women who *knowingly* attend parties where alcohol is served, who *knowingly* wear revealing clothing near drunken, testosterone-fueled men, and who *knowingly* intoxicate themselves with alcohol and/or drugs around these types of individuals are just asking for disaster to strike them
**HOWEVER**, I feel women who execute poor judgment on their behalf by purposefully putting themselves in volatile situations where rape could occur are as equally stupid as the men who take advantage of them.
Meanwhile, if instead of a lever I could throw an obese man down a cliff into the train's path, few people do this.
What I mean to say is that when *sexual attraction* is introduced into a situation within male and female interaction, a basis of equality won't ever be achieved.
I believe that men and women have certain certain privileges and rights that are not gender locked by any means.(i.e voting, property ownership etc.)
I'm not talking about the nature of man on the personal, familial, or tribal level, but rather on the level of a society, civilization, nation, or race.
From this I conclude the nature of man is basically bad.
I think these womyn/women have a unique experience, one that trans womyn/women do not share, and so I think it is legitimate to create a space for just them.
Physically, intellectually, and any other category of life I believe in general men are superior.
I do recognize that there are very talented women in the world, some far better than men, but if you put the best man in a field against the best female in the same field I believe the male will dominate every time, no matter what the subject is.
Even on a personal level I have found that girls are petty and silly, while men I have interacted with are far more interesting to have conversations with.
I admit, I am very biased based on the fact that I have a male's perspective, but I have tried to be very open minded in talking to females
I think that the only successful girls in society are the ones that have natural ability (even then they don't get paid as much as men) or they use their looks to slide through life.
Yes, I expect hordes of angry feminists to down vote me into oblivion (my sexism showing) and I could avoid this if I reworded my statements, but instead I'm choosing to pull on the oh so fragile female emotional strings.
There's a quote I once heard that summarizes my views almost perfectly: "Pick-up artists see women as arcade games that dispense sex."
This CMV is gonna make me really unpopular, but I just think those boys got their lives ruined by not only what they did, but also by the media and the mass opinions of America.
I may not be a very smart man, but I know what bullshit is when it's under my nose.
I think society has very high expectations as far as what makes the perfect woman, but I believe that eating disorders generally arise due to an extreme desire to be in control, and the majority of women aren't harmed by Barbie's example because I don't think very many people consider her to be the ideal beauty or consider her to be anything othrr than a doll.
And what *really* gets me is when people say, "Oh man, that puppy abuse video got to me more than any human death/abuse video that I've ever seen!", and I'm like, "WTF?!
As a disclaimer:  I'm not gonna pretend I know what it's like as a man in this day and age, just as I don't think it's possible for a man to know what it's like to be a woman.  
When I find out that someone is studying something like creative writing, history, gender &amp; women's studies, racial studies, comparative religion, and even more practical fields like social work, sociology, or various topics in the humanities, it kind of infuriates me.
First off, let me state that I absolutely believe that women are just as entitled as men are to compete in sports.
I understand that female athletes put the time and dedication into participating in these games or events and I truly don't want to cause offense to these people.
I understand that women's basketball, hockey, football, and basketball are already not regularly broadcast in the US, however there are a lot of feminist groups that protest this.
Today, I've witnessed people state things of this nature about a host of subjects, from race, to politics, to the place of women in society (SRS v. MR), to the store down the street.  
Because of this "I cry offended" behavior I have yet to hear a single honest debate on race, sexuality, feminism, mens rights in the public sector that didn't devolve into a battle of who's the biggest victim.  
I'm a male, but I don't *feel* like a man- I feel like me.
I don't like doing *man* things, I like doing the things I like to do.
I've met women that were more stereotypically masculine in their thinking (aggressive, ambitious, domineering) than many men, and men that were more stereotypically feminine (nurturing, sensitive, caring) than many women.
What would happen if I woke up tomorrow with a woman's body?
You couldn't really distinguish whether or not the voice was male or female, though I would venture a guess at an older sounding female.  
Okay, I'm straight, but I find it disgusting and ridiculous we in the US are even having a debate about allowing gay men and women the same rights as everyone else.
I have quite a few guy friends and many of them have other female friends but I always wonder if there is some romantic interest lurking in my "just friends" guy friends.
Perhaps, which i doubt, this is because i am also male, but i would choose the male teacher over the latter sex anytime.
As an irreligious woman, I don't think there's any valid, non-religious reason to teach abstinence only sex education to secondary students when it has been shown to have detrimental effects on teenagers.
I've come to believe that at best, feminism is only-pro-women and at worst, feminism is anti-man.
The best argument I've ever heard was along the lines of 'helping women helps men too' which just sounds like a con straight out of Animal Farm.
* I *don't* have any problem with a modern, empowered woman choosing from the outset to be single parent, using a sperm donor or whatever, if she has the resources and maturity to handle that.
I believe women should choose to get an abortion.
I should start by saying that I am a 18 year old male who drinks semi-frequently (about once a month).
For reference, I'm a lower class straight white male in America.
Guy #1 should think "Its ok, bro before hoes, I care more about your happiness then about girl"
First let me clarify what I mean by emotional level of adolescent male: the character arc of the protagonist(s) and crux of the plot is going up against tyrannical power structures (breaking away from parents and rebelling againt authority figures), acquiring power (growing physically and maturing, learning to direct oneself instead of listening to others), and using that power to break the existing hierarchy and free yourself from its power, or place yourself at the top of it.
It didn't change my life, or give me perspective the way that the world is, like say, Ralph Ellisons' *Invisible Man* did.
First of all I thought I should point out I'm a girl.
I'm interested in the idea that there's an actual flaw in our legal system that allows men to be convicted of rape in circumstances where both parties are at approximately equal levels of intoxication and the sex would not have been considered rape had both parties been sober.  
Both of them are making a drunken decision and unless IMO you believe that men are more capable of making drunk decisions than women (which I absolutely don't believe) how can a man be held more responsible than a woman?  
Then he tells me that he is pretending to be a girl online and sell these items for as much as 100$ a piece to horny old men.
Now I don't care what fetishes people have, but the fact that they believe that the item they are buying has been worn by a girl, when infact it hasn't seems to me to be a moral *no no*.
Back in HS I specifically remember doing better on both my SAT and PSAT than this girl I knew.
I don't see why women that have lots of sex (usually not with the same person) are  looked down upon.
Just last month I remember having a conversation with a very educated woman about the South, and the second I said something along the lines of "My grandmother would call certain purple flowers 'nigger toes', and it took us ages to convince her not to do it in public", she became very stiff and uncomfortable and weedled her way out of the conversation.
I really, really don't get it when women dress up in scantily clad outfits and see certain characters as role models when they're essentially the fantasies of the men who created them.
EDIT: I want to clarify that I don't think men have the right to be rude or harassing because a woman is dressed a certain way and that she has in any way given consent via her outfit.
I was more referring to a woman who dresses up as, say Witchblade or Poison Ivy.
I do NOT mean that if a man harasses her she should not be offended.
Many "human rights" groups attack the Saudi Arabian laws for their discrimination of women and homosexuals, and use of corporal and capital punishment (beheadings, amputations, and stonings), but I believe that the Saudi Arabian legal system is just.
I am talking about woman and the "slut walk"
I know that woman get raped even if they are sober and wearing very normal clothing, but i also know 2 of my friends who have been mugged, and they were wearing walmart jeans and and a Reebok sweater (both of them
so in my mind i have the clothes factor does not matter because the majority of rapes with someone you know, but alcohol is a factor is more than those cases as in to egde a male on.
I have acknowledged in my OP that I know rapes don't always involve a drunk slutty woman ( although now i know that there is a big difference in them) but a lot of posts have said that my post is accurate its just that most of the rapes are by someone you know
To mitigate the vagueness of the previous sentence, I submit that it would clearly be absurd to say, "Men in America have it twice as good as women."
3) As a clarifying amendment, I enthusiastically acknowledge that in the past, women were systematically oppressed legally and culturally to such a great extent that prejudicial treatment was not only good, not merely necessary, but absolutely unavoidable.
I'm not aware of a single feminist group that has protested for or contributed financially to a purely men's rights cause, or for a men's rights cause purely for the benefit of men; this is a problem, because I constantly encounter feminist organizations protesting for and contributing financially to purely women's rights causes, or to women's rights causes purely for the benefit of women.
I will easily be convinced to change my mind if many significant efforts to support men's rights that are lead by various prominent feminist groups are brought to my attention.
I've heard the counterargument "We aren't doing it just for you men!"
For example, I think if someone is biologically female but identifies as male, she should be referred to as a 'she' unless and until she gets an operation.  
Looking at places like North Dakota where they are banning this, I believe if we find a pregnant woman's child has something like down syndrome, or other serious genetic problems, this should always be a valid reason to abort the pregnancy.
Like, when you tell me you're a girl...well, great, I just learned nothing significant about you at all.
This belief stems from the only logical argument I've heard for placing the mother's choice over a fetus's life, I.E. the parasite argument: That a fetus is nothing more than a parasite and the woman has a right to get rid of it anytime of her choosing.
I think that as long as transgendered persons that are pre-operation are attracted to the same sex as themselves (ex: a pre-op male attracted to men), then they should be considered gay.
&gt;Once it crosses over to sexy time though, I think it would be extremely disrespectful to not mention that, knowing it would be a pretty big deal to a huge portion of the male population.
I'm not trying to biased here, women could certainly could have two husbands as well.  
It feels like they are just trying desperately to be treated like some "oppressed" minority when they are really treated with more "privilege" than any man I can name.  
I guess what I'm really looking for is some important gender discrimination issues women are facing in this country (and I mean legal issues, not complaints about society in general.)
I do not understand the idea of feeling like "a woman trapped in a man's body" or
I'm sure hormone therapy lessens the amount of muscle on a transgender M to F person, but there still must be some strength advantage, and also not every transgender person is taking hormone therapy.
The trouble is, I've met women with very different views of what a "feminist" is and yet they all identify as one.  
I personally think transgender people are weird and make me super uncomfortable.
With the way the court system is setup and the actual benefits from a state contract marriage, I do not see why a male should ever get married.
I do not condone/support hitting women.
i just don't see why we almost glorify or completely support a woman hitting a man or any other physical violence against men.
i get the whole "women aren't as physically stronger as men" but is that always correct?
some men, such as myself, are actually quite small and relatively weak (which could be why i think this).
that doesn't mean i'm going to go punch the next female i see, i just feel that instead of living this double standard, we'd be better off telling society hitting anyone is immoral.
for the record, i've never hit a girl or a guy.
I don't think we should strive for a unisex world - I think we should learn to accept feminine males, masculine females, feminine females and masculine males.
First: I grew up in a home where man + woman = good and man + man or woman + woman was bad.
You, as that type of gay person, how the hell do you think I feel as a female?
Stop taking my ability to nurture away from me and other women.
[I probably wasn't the intended audience for this story, but I still feel like I can relate to it... as the bad guy.](http://thoughtcatalog.com/2013/girls-dont-count/)
I'm not suddenly thinking that my girlfriend is going to cheat on me, but I don't think it's fair of me to dismiss the impact of her past experience just because it was with a girl.
And the idea of somebody being genderqueer doesn't bother me in the least.
I completely support women's rights and think feminism has been one of the best things to come out of the twentieth century.
I don't see a point to feminism besides to hate men.
The feminists that I know all claim that society, United States of America, oppress them because society is mainly geared towards men.
In reality I think women have more opportunities than men, more available scholarships, and more support groups.
As a straight white male, I readily accept that I belong to many privileged social groups.  
It's got to the point where I've been lead to believe that I'll never have the same satisfaction in sex as an uncut man, my penis looks mutilated, and the girls around here who are all used to uncircumcised penises will think I'm weird.
Is it accurate to say that the System only attracts the popular-pretty-girls that I've been avoiding for years?
So I turn 24 in a couple of months and I already feel like I'm an "old man" that has peaked and it's all 50-60 years of downhill from here on out.
[In this "How Stuff Works" article](http://entertainment.howstuffworks.com/john-lennon30.htm), John Lennon described Yoko Ono as, "The only woman I'd ever met who was my equal in every way imaginable..."
As one of my transgender friends said about this issue when I brought it up to her: "The LGBT community is just as oblivious and uneducated as regular Americans."
Part of me knows men can be raped by women.
I'm having trouble coming to terms with how it's possible for women to rape men.
I sound like one of those legitimate rape Republicans here, but if a man is being raped by a woman, why can't he just... enjoy it?
I know it's a terrible view and again I want to apologise, but does it physically hurt men to be raped by women (as in PIV sex)?
Back to my whole "enjoy it" point, if you flip it around, I'm MORE than aware that it would be absurd to say to women victims that they could've just enjoyed it.
I think the main part of my view comes from that I've always seen men portrayed as sex maniacs, always thinking about sex, always wanting it, etc.
I mean I have male friends who I've spoke to about this who believe men can't be raped too (they deemed it "ridiculous").
This was brought on by an incident a while ago at the school I go to, where a 13 year old male and a 12 year old female had sex, and both consented as far as I am aware, although the rumor mill has been running.
It also makes it very hard for me to have a relationship with women.
I'm personally deeply uncomfortable with assertions that [men can't be raped](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1a23kl/cmv_i_dont_believe_man_are_able_to_be_raped_by/) and [homosexuality isn't a choice](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1a29o0/i_think_that_homosexuality_is_a_choice_cmv/) and [America should collapse](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1a1kmx/i_hate_the_united_states_and_would_celebrate_if/) and [taxation automatically equates to theft](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/19xeoe/i_believe_taxation_is_theft_and_collected_through/).
I believe men can rape men, men can rape women.
But I don't believe women can rape men.
To start, I am a man of mixed ethnicity.
However,  outside of my immediate family, I am aboslutely repulsed by black women.
  I don't know what it is, but everytime I see a black a woman, I get this feeling of nausea, as well anger, and irritation.
Maybe it's the fact that a lot of black women live up to every stereotype I ever heard growing up, or maybe it's the fact that I grew up in a more racist part of the Pacific Northwest.
In any case, I am throurougly repulsed by black women.
Which is why I support the civil partnership laws, meaning homosexuals are legally equal to married men and women.
I was born a Christian boy; I attended church, I prayed, I went to Bible camp.
I'm currently in high school, and i think that if girls hit me that I should be able to hit her back.
But, I wouldn't just start a fight with a girl.
I also think that girls should NOT slap guys, because if I reverse the roles in my head, it sounds an awful lot like abuse.
Kind of relevant: I think it's dumb how in movies the guy enters in on the woman cheating him, and the man goes after the other man who he is being cheated with, rather than the woman, who he had an emotional contract with.
I know that this probably seems sexist, but when looking at it from an objective point of view, I really don't see why men should be forced to pay money to the mother of their child just because of a biological connection.
Also, I do not think that men should have to be burdened with the financial responsibility of having to pay child support for 18 years, simply because they had sex once, all the while having practically no say in the child's life.
For all of these reasons, I really don't see many scenarios (excepting rape) in which a man should be forced to pay child support.
I see many lesbian couples were one (or both) people look, talk, and act like men.
I guess I'm just not sure why if you like females, you want a female that could be mistaken as for man, unless sexual orientation is soley about sexual organs for these people...
I am a white male myself, and Ive not seen any advantage that I have over others,
I watched the man I viewed almost like a father (as mine worked too much) rot from the inside out.
I think aggressive violent porn may contribute to violent crimes against women - but this is a small part of the industry.
Outside the uk, i daily read horrific stories of religiously motivated violence in muslim countrys, i hear about barbaric sharia law applied to young men and women, I have seen videos of religiously sanctioned executions, and i worry about what seems to be a widely held desire to impose Islamic law across the world.
So when I hear of the hundreds of thousands of Muslims entering the UK each year, of areas in which the majority are asian, of muslim gangs raping english girls and applying islamic law, I have to admit I get angry, and I guess racist.
When i read about and talk to asian women who have lived in the UK for 30 years and speak no English yet claim benefits, feel angry, and again racist.
I hear that Mohammed is supposed to be a prophet and a man of huge wisdom, and then I read that he gave captured women to his men to be raped.
I'm always told that guys and girls can be just friends, and they give some really nice examples but it basically boils down to two things in my head:
I strongly want someone to prove me wrong, because I want to have a friend who is a female.
Rather than battling back and forth on what life is and when it begins, and given my perception that medically unnecessary late-term abortions simply don't happen in significant numbers, I'd rather simply TRUST WOMEN.
I don't know who it was who said (paraphrasing) that if women had sole control over their bodies, our world would be in a better state than it is today.
When I add all this up, my preferred position is "trust women.
I think its easier for girls to like and be attracted to one another because almost zero stigma exists for it.
A lot of guys are into it and it seems to be encouraged by our culture at large, but it doesn't do anything for me because I know they're not attracted to me as a male, but to each other as females.
I think I find it threatening to my sense of worth because as a straight male my options are limited to only half the population.
First, some context: I was having a discussion with a friend about homosexuals, he, being a very religious guy, was adamant that though homosexuality is real, and he could be best friend's with a homosexual, at the end of the day, there's a moral code that should be followed, where it should just be a man and a woman.
While these points make a little bit of sense to me, I still wouldn't be able to get over the fact that my partner was thinking about another man in such a way.
But the thing is, I'm the only person in my field (60-70 people, everyone of them female) who holds this belief and doesn't care one way or the other if the word continues to exist.
but every time I do (girl im dating tells me, usually indirectly, but I never ask to find out)I just get turned off.
Because I believe that women are inherently better equipped for raising a child.
Through carefully thought, I've determined that a woman is almost always more capable to raise a child than a man.
I think that on average women are:
i am not resentful or bitter toward the female gender;
my sex has little to do with my stances - unlike most people i know, i do not identify myself with the gender i have (if someone says that men are stupid i do not take it personally);
i think that men have numerous shortcomings of their own, like being more aggressive, abusive, less moral.
When I was a freshman at a Christian university, I was put on a team with about 3-4 other ministry students (I think all of us were male, though we may have had one female on our team, I can't remember), and we were given the assignment to sketch out a rough plan for church planting or missionary activity in a particular context within the United States.
I mean, setting aside for the moment that none of us knew how to run a successful business and that many sex workers make significantly more than a coffee shop barista, it would look very suspicious to have a bunch of men running a "coffee shop" staffed by ex-prostitutes.
Disclaimer: I'm a white cisgender male.
I believe part of the problem with racism is minorities being afraid to leave their comfort zones to establish connections with the feared white man - AND vice versa.
I've sort of had this thought for a while, mostly after sort of noticing interactions between Asian girls and white girls in grad school.
Now I'm in a LTR with an Asian girl for the first time, and something just kind of seems off with my/our interactions with my white female friends.
First, I sort of theorize that a lot of white girls just don't see Asian girls as attractive for whatever reason.
Or alternatively, they stereotype that he only wants to date an Asian girl because they're submissive and will do what they want (which is hilarious, I've never once seen a white guy with a submissive Asian gf...  beyond the creepy old dudes, if I have any stereotypes of Asian girls in the U.S. its that they're a little feistier than most)?
I guess I'd argue that the hierarchy in girls social groups is largely going to be aligned based on who is the best looking....  
I really don't know what it is, but after dating an Asian girl for the first time there seems to be some kind of real hostility there.
Maybe its just stemming from seeing an attractive/successful white guy long term dating an Asian girl (also to be clear, though my family is wealthy, my gf's is in the insanely wealthy category and she's investment banking...  far better off than me)?
Inaccurate as most standard Facebook glurge, there's plenty of male-only things that still aren't "on every corner,"  but this one got me thinking when it came across my stream.  
All I came up with was simply the fact that if men could get pregnant, &gt;80% of men [by my own estimation] would support reproductive rights.  
I too am disappointed men do so 44/50 (though I think there's something to be said for 44% of men supporting something that only tangentially effects them at all), but what does it say that women can barely get a majority of OTHER WOMEN to support pro-life policies?  
So why do I see almost ZERO focus in the media on persuading other women to women's issues?  
I'd love to be convinced otherwise, but I just can't shake the idea that women themselves and their inability to coalesce around issues as a group are just as largely to blame for their own lack of political progress over the past 20 years.  
Now, the reason I came up with this view is because I saw a girl with a shirt with bullet points for consent and sober was one of them.
Even today the UK government hasn't pardoned or forgiven deserters who were executed under fear or due to disagreement over the war, I think the draft especially in peacetime is akin to slavery especially when its only men who have to do it,
Anyway, I'm not a big boxing fan, but after reading up on Floyd Mayweather a bit before this "fight of the century" yesterday, I can't help but be shocked that he is even allowed to compete, given his history of absolutely despicable behavior towards women.
I bring this up out of recent experience; I went to see a ball game today, and to my horror, when we found our seats, they were right next to a hugely overweight woman.
I think it is a mixture of being born in poor inner city areas with bad education (i.e. forces outside the child's control), and problems that exist with the way that the black community views women and education (i.e. social norms developed over time either in reaction to adverse environments, prejudice, or whatever caused it).
After many years of hiding my love for both women and men, I have finally found people in my community I can have lovely relationships (key word: relationships!!)
So I am a gay guy in his 20s and since I came out I have on occasion been objectified by girls I know wanting a "Gay Best Friend"
I mean for some girls I am just something to befriend because its "cool" to have a gay friend and not because of who I am or that they want to be around me, so in a way they are treating me different from their real friends as somewhat like a lesser human
Before someone says it I am NOT saying all girls are like this, my best friend is a girl and she is my best friend because she likes hanging around me and well we look out for each other and share alot just like friends should be.
I'm a male and I'm a rabid anti-feminist.
I'm very much for equal rights of women, and I do think we live in a sexist society.
I believe that if a girl throws herself on to a guy, I don't see a reason as to why the guy would hold back.
But I don't see the point of living in a world where 90% of the world will think my transgender-ness is plain wrong just because they don't have the same experience.
I don't want to live in a world where the chances of being killed just for being transgender is so high.
Not to mention I'm just so sick of being invalidated around me all the time, and so sick of the rest of the world having the liberty to say whatever they want about trans people.
I haven't been bullied, I know my life sounds like some awesome trans person's life but honestly i'm just so tired and I don't want society to win.
I'm 20 years old and a trans man.
I've just been really angry and pissed off in general the last few days over trans issues, its taking its toll on me i'm so tired of being so tired.
Basically, I don't want to hurt him and cutting off his male parts undoubtedly would hurt him.  
If I were to have a friend who wants to bring their female dog over to play, I would mention that he is not fixed and allow them to choose if they still want to play.  
This is still a minor concern at best because literally every female dog I know has been fixed to avoid them bleeding inside the house.  
Yeah yeah, women choose to work there I know.  
Furthermore, marriage law does not discriminate against men or women as a class (I understand this argument was used in Loving v. Virginia.
I choose these particular terms because they are often used outside of an academic setting, and for more than explaining the cause of variation; both are the center of extensive education campaigns, which are focused on helping the general population (particularly white males) understand the advantages they have due to their race or sex, and the small and subconscious ways that they and others disadvantage people based off of their race or sex.
Black racism means that when I was in university the black woman at the desk denied me access to the "minority study center" and angrily told me that I was the wrong type of minority.
I was also attracted to the lack of a tax on minimum wage, the sustaining of universal healthcare, and the abolishment of hospital car park fees (I went to the hospital a few months ago, parking was $14 an hour, come on man!).
As I have said, I find myself being approached by gay teens online, who appear to be attracted exclusively or primarily by men and not their peers.
By the logic I have put forth, it would be immoral to flip the lever, thus condemning the one man, but it would be morally neutral to let the train hit the five men (assuming that no further information or alternatives are available)
* At this point, I don't think it even matters if the victim was armed, or if he was committing a crime, or what have you - black men are being killed by the police and in police custody at higher rates than other demographics in the US, and I would imagine that black people in the US are starting to get fed up, hopeless, and most importantly, angry over their situation.
See, now I'm thinking: maybe it means you're the evil man.
And I'm the righteous man.
And I'm the tyranny of evil men.
Not this idiot in the diner, but the man I worked with.
Personally I feel like people who say things like "Women get paid less because they're women" are looking at a gray issue in black and white.
These are my thoughts, and if it comes off as ignorance I apologize, butt I genuinely do believe women are more submissive in nature than men, and this plays a role in things like Asking for a raise, negotiation about salary, and so on.
I honestly don't know, but saying "oh shes a women therefore less salary" is seriously the most stupid statement i've heard because it's a more complex issue.
I am a woman, and the oldest on one parents side and one of the oldest on another parents side.
I've always been told to not talk because I'm a girl, because I'm American Older aunts and uncles put marriage over everything else for girls.
I'm attracted to petite women.
I have thus far, never been attracted to an obese woman, as I don't find that body type attractive.
When Emma Sulkowicz began her "Carry That Weight" art project, in which she and others carried a mattress across Columbia University campus to protest the university failing to punish a man she accused of raping her, I wanted to believe her.
Preface: I only put 'women' in the title so that it's clear I mean everyone.
What I don't get is how anyone would consider it discrimination if they don't have the ability to put agender, transgender, genderfluid ob there.
The only real reason I have heard is that one cannot be racist against white people or sexist against men because those groups have power, therefore "power plus prejudice" is a better definition; however, this reason requires that "racism/sexism equals power plus prejudice" is true in the first place and is thus a fallacious argument.
I'm not even a lefty, but this is something that really bugs me whenever white people are confronted about race - or men are confronted about sexism.
I genuinely want to understand and 100% accept that my background of being a white female means I may not grasp the realities of this situation.
BUT in the country where I live I am double banned, firstly for being a gay man which immediately gives me a lifetime ban since its seen as acceptable to assume that we are all HIV+ or something which is pretty unfair to be blunt.
From my own personal experience, I often see girls with very pretty faces that have smaller sized boobs and I often see girls with less pretty faces and boobs twice as big.
His redemption means so much more because we've seen the fall, and all I could think about during his death was the good will of that little boy on Tatooine.
I understand that much of the bodies depicted of women (and men) in our media are not attainable by most people, and that making this the standard is unfair and puts unnecessary pressure on many women, leading to eating disorders and shame.
I mentioned it above under Article 3, but once again, it is blatantly clear that women are not treated as equals under the law.
With a court system, law enforcement system, army, and executive system all run by men, I would find it very hard to believe that they are given equal protection or treatment under the law.
I'm not even going to bother to explain this one myself, and I will instead leave you with [this](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-30744693?ocid=socialflow_twitter), [this](http://www.arabianbusiness.com/saudi-arabia-executes-54-people-in-first-3-months-of-2015-588431.html), and [this](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/siti-zainab-saudi-arabia-beheads-mentally-ill-female-domestic-worker-angering-indonesia-1496492).
They do NOT have equal rights during marriage, as a women has to go through the highly biased court systems to achieve a divorce whereas a man need only say, "On this day I have divorced you."
The second point above is infringed on; by being forced to convert to Islam, you are also being forced to join the mosque and participate in practices such as praying at the specified times and observing religious customs as part of the mosque...unless you're a woman, in which case I don't believe that you are allowed in a mosque.
I rounded a cul de sac to return on opposite side of road and a girl in pajamas that wasn't there previously was walking to the end of the driveway and by the time I got close
This girl was definitely less than 5; would say 4 if I had to guess.
When a guy answered I told him I found this girl at the road and his reply was "she's not mine; she lives over there"--pointing at the yard we previously were in.
As I started to run off the girl was on her way home in an obviously friendly neighbor's care.
My concern was the girl's safety first and foremost but to some I apparently crossed a line by even stopping.
I also believe that it the best policy with respect to abortion rights is to first recognize that abortion being legal prevents even worse outcomes, and second, to fund the hell out of programs that provide contraception, pre-natal screenings, and adoption programs so that women who get pregnant when they don't want to have the economic freedom to choose for the life of their child.
I believe a woman has a right to deny use of her body to anyone, but what I'm struggling with is whether she has the right to kill her (literal) child to cut off that usage.
I was reading about a man from Asia who crashed head on into family of four and killed their five year old daughter, he was trying to pass a car around a blind corner and when the police asked why he was passing around a blind corner his response was that he didn't know he wasn't allowed to because there were no yellow lines.
I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet.
I'll count all Marvel movies starting from Iron Man and all DC movies from Batman Begins (but since there's been more Marvel ones, DC defenders can reach back if it'll help their argument).
I want to grab the girl with the biggest smile of them all, and kiss her from the depths of my soul.
First and foremost: I am not saying that "gender" should mean "man or woman," or that trans people aren't real.
However, in most cases, there is no good reason why these fields should be male- or female-dominated, and I feel that doing so is sexist to both genders, and encourages feelings such as "this person doesn't belong here, they're not a man/woman," where those feelings should not exist.
I agree that women should be treated equally in my field, and that there are lots of examples of male bias.  
I don't want to be thought of as a "women" member of my field, I want to be thought of just as a member of my field as anyone else would be, without my gender being such a significant part of it.  
From what I've read online about this, it is the oldest generation of people in my field who have the most prejudice against women, and it is gradually going away as new views are brought in.  
The last thing I want to do is contribute to bias against women, but I don't think this concert is a good idea, it seems to be divisive instead of inclusive.
I started thinking about this when I saw a story about a woman who contacted the mother of a man who sent her sexually explicit message of himself, then told everyone about it.
I've had men and women in my life show me texts, emails, and sexts, always with an odd and victorious smirk.
Yes I know men can CURRENTLY hire prostitutes, but it is very illegal (in 49 states) and it's not like weed where it's a slap on the wrist if you get caught (most cops don't even care enough to write a citation).
I believe that referring to a politician, or anyone for that matter, male or female, as a corporate whore does not reinforce sexism against women.
Thank you all for the debate and comments, even those of you that assumed I was a female, transgendered feminiazi and tried to insult me on that basis (I'm a straight, white, squarely masculine dude).
I can't find myself comprehending the idea of and objective system of morality that doesn't either rely on the existence of a god or godlike figure or a man-made and non-universally agreed up cornerstone to function.
I tried arguing this, showing attractive larger women like [Jessica Bangkok (yes, she's a porn star)](http://www.turkcealtyazi.org/resimler/prs/2896340/l-jessica-bangkok-eb2o1.jpg), but apparently, that's ugly to them.
There are larger women in my personal life that I like; ones without diabetes or motor scooters.
Overall, I acknowledge that women in computer science face tough issues with sexism in the field.
... when I see 19 year old girls fight literal female enslaving rapists, risking their lives everyday to protect those who are close to them.
I guess the point I'm trying to make is, I can't see that fearless 19 year old girl wasting her time running through the streets of her city topless, shouting slogans once the fighting stops - I would imagine her rolling up her sleeves, getting to work, solving problems, affecting real change.
In contrast, even if I, as a man, have a relationship with a woman with the roles entirely reversed from what traditional gender roles dictate, I instantly return to an assumed masculine role as soon as I enter the dating scene again.
I'm a feminist (or some women would say I can only be an "ally", since I'm a dude).
I think women have had a rough ride in our world, and continue to.
and so I think it's a necessary social justice movement (no, I'm not a SJW...) to end a lot of the terrible shit that goes on toward women.
I think the skepticism about this idea comes from the history of white liberal feminists (many of them wealthy) claiming to speak for all women.
 I'm not sure I disagree with the courts' decisions rationally because they weighed the circumstances pretty solidly, except maybe I don't see how there can be any objection to the woman, with full custody, retaining control over the nature of the visitation with her kids; nor do I understand how the fact that the father couldn't afford to keep up visitation in another state should become the mother's burden especially when she is willing to help fund the continued visitation; and finally also why they didn't factor in the reduced visitation sending the eldest child to a boarding institution might cause on all parties.
Often when people see that I am a white man from Texas they assume that I drive a massive truck, am a fundamentalist Christian/radical conservative, work in oil or am a cowboy, am uneducated, lack sophistication, own guns and live on a farm.
To clarify, by "men's shirt", I mean a button-up, collared shirt designed to be worn by men (i.e. shirts like [this](http://www.garffshirts.com/images/products/detail/13V0206_400_Blue_Berry_Van_Heusen_Mens_Pinpoint_Short_Sleeve_Tall_Dress_Shirts.jpg) or [this](http://www.fashionindopak.com/wp-content/gallery/shirts-for-men-post4/men-shirts-lining.jpg), but not tee shirts or Polo shirts).
For these reasons, I feel long-sleeved men's shirts are generally superior to short-sleeved men's shirts.
In short, I think minority (Black and Hispanic) males are going to be a much weaker voting base for Clinton than they were for Obama because these cultures are still relatively more sexist.  
So I think men from these backgrounds are going to be much less excited about voting for a white woman, who they will perceive as less familiar, competent and authoritative, than they were for Obama.  
I also think she will have issues with white males, but that won't change much from 2012, since they tend to already not vote Democrat.  
Many men argue over whether boxers or briefs are better, but for at least a few years I have been wearing both at once, by which I mean I put on briefs and then wear boxers over them before putting on jeans or whatever pants I may be wearing.
I'm about at my wits end here, looking for some reason not to feel seething hatred for this man right now.
I once witnessed a woman rant about the "ascorbic acid" that was in pre-sliced apples that were being sold.  
I am starting to hate women to the point where, if i see a video of women getting hurt or beaten ... it makes me feel satisfied.
I feel like women have it so easy now a days.
I don't even care, and sometimes wish they die in a painful way when i see a women get something...help me i don't think this is good for me
I've had girls laugh in my face and be shocked before, and I consider myself fairly average.
I don't think I've ever found an Indian girl attractive.
Yeah, working out helps but if you take average scrawny men of each race and rate them, im pretty sure Indian would be at the bottom.
The problem I have with "white knight" is simple - it's very, very frequently used towards anyone who makes an opinion defending women, assuming that the person is only doing so to get laid/to "protect" her.  
My mother is a deeply loving woman who sent me to Logical and Critical thinking classes as a kid.
I've watched prank videos on Youtube of guys in expensive cars baiting girls and then insulting them for being a gold digger when they fall for it.
I mean, I wouldn't normally consider myself a feminist by any stretch, but it seems hard not to see men who believe this as both misogynistic and hypocritical.
Now, I agree that white-washing the character could be offensive, and it would definitely harm the movie itself (it being a historical movie, what would the point of a white person in IV-VII century China be?), but people are actually freaking out because they might cast a non-Chinese Asian actress, e.g. a Korean woman.
So the consequences of letting women lie for sympathy are not as bad as making real rape victims feel unwilling to talk about their trauma, as I mentioned above.
Fundamentally, I disagree with the views expressed in [this](http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/i-helped-shut-down-an-abortion-debate-between-two-men-because-my-uterus-isnt-up-for-their-discussion-9867200.html) article.
I believe it to be an old and outdated tradition, and I don't understand why a mans name and identity are perceived to be more important than a woman's.
Why have I never met a man who would be willing to do this?
Time and time again I've tried to understand the rationality behind men thinking their wives should take their name and come to a conclusion - there is no reason.
I am a 22 year old female who recently attempted suicide in December of 2014.
What I seem to be talking about are the Republican men who assume they have the right to dictate things about the body of women, the Fox News anchors who bend over backwards to defend the police no matter what they did (as seen when they focused on the report absolving Darren Wilson while ignoring the report admitting huge racist bias in the Ferguson Police in general).  
First off, I'd consider it a miracle if a woman actually wanted to be around me sexually and I highly doubt something like that will happen, but baring my opinion of that, if I ever did get into a monogamous relationship with a woman I wouldn't want to get married for a few reasons.
Sure you can sign a pre-nup, but even thoughs aren't ironclad and I hear tons of stories of men on reddit getting screwed out of half their stuff despite working hard jobs and buying all that stuff with their money and losing their house, pets, and even kids.
I'm intolerant of islamophobes and I'm intolerant of Islamists who don't respect free speech and women's rights.
I'm neither gay nor a woman so their homophobic state laws don't effect me and neither do their views on abortion/contraception.
I know there are vendors that only accept cash (aka Girl Scout cookies in front of grocery stores) unless they have something I really want (Girl Scout cookies), then I don't have to buy from them.
I've watched interviews of him and all he did was yell over other people and say buzz phrases like "war is just old men sending young kids to die" and shares his sentiments about the government is a business and doesn't care about the citizens.
What I got could basically be boiled down to a gang war between immigrants and Men in Black.
I just stumbled upon [this](http://www.denverpost.com/news/ci_27817892/colorado-man-uses-truck-help-find-kidney-donor) post while browsing the front page, and I felt something that I myself couldn't explain.
I think the passing of this law is just a symbolic gesture to get crazy people who believe in a magical man in the sky to vote for the governor in the next election, not an attempt at actually causing any real change in local business practices.
I've heard news about girls have sex with male teacher, the teacher convicted despite witness alleging the girl is the manipulator.
I mean, how could we elect a man so ignorant to office?"
I am not interested in hearing explanations like “once you have a daughter you’ll understand” or “ imagine raising a kid and then seeing them one day having sex with 2 guys at once in front of the world” since once again, I do consume this form of media and every single one of those girls is “someones kid” and if I really had a problem with it I would not watch it to begin with.
I understand feeling like a woman trapped in a man's body or vice versa, and I believe it makes sense for people who feel that way to classify themselves as the opposite gender since it can so greatly impact their morale in regards to how they feel they fit into society.
Firstly, I know the dictionary definition of racism doesn't include this, but he dictionary was written almost entirely by white men so I feel it is far from a comprehensive definition.
The reason I don't think it's appropriate to quote dictionary definitions of racism isn't because I want to dismiss all white men, it's because on this subject they all have had very limited experiences and were biased by their own prejudices at the time.
I started thinking about this earlier today when I read on /r/askwomen an archived post about whether or not gay men are sexist for saying "eww vaginas".
It's possible that me, as a 22 year old man, may see extreme hunger and thirst even in my home country of the USA.
I am all for equal rights for men and women.
I think men, women, transgender or whoever you are deserves to be treated with the same respect.
How is asking me to put the toilet seat down for her convenience, any different from me asking a woman to put it back up when she's done for my convenience?
It's for the same reason I can't support things such as women's rooms in colleges.
I think this also comes from the misconception than women are always innocent, whereas a men in a women's bathroom is clearly a pervert waiting to jump on someone.
I'm not really sure where to start, besides to say that the fact that America elected such a raving lunatic over men who were clearly much more competent, intelligent, and overall better human beings (John Quincy Adams and Henry Clay in particular) is a sad point in our history.
He is one of the most unfit men I know of for such a place.
I’m a 23-year-old woman, and it is weird and socially unacceptable for me to be actively thinking about whether a guy is marriage-material or actively wanting a baby.
The argument of "It's a woman's body, it's a woman's choice." has never made sense to me because it's essentially saying that one human's choice to end the life of another human without consent is ok.
There is probably a similar list of privileges that I have for being male.
I didn't look at any women and think "I bet I am better at X than her".
Then, like 30 seconds later, Booth is like, "Man, I don't believe in all that voodoo stuff," and Bones totally flips and goes, "Well, now hold on a second.
I think title 9 means well and that women should be treated equal to men, but it is unfair in its application on college sports because it ignores many facts .
The university I attended was forced to cut 4 men's programs as a result, no women's programs were added.
I'll be using the term 'transgender,' in this, but I'm talking about all the different atypical gender identities.
I would have said that the definition of a male is a person with male genitalia, and the definition of a female is a person with female genitalia, and it doesn't go further than that.
I'm not saying society isn't guilty of that, but obviously, anybody who accepts transgenders, also accepts people acting and dressing in a 'masculine' or 'feminine' way, regardless of their gender.
It just seems to me that transgenders must have a sexist idea of what genders are.
I am a man, and I would fit into the stereotypical idea of a man, than I would a woman.
But I would have imagined that if I had all of the stereotypical characteristics of a woman, outside of the genitalia, I would be comfortable calling myself a man.
Despite being a white cis male I believe very strongly in principles of equality, and speak out regularly whenever I see injustice.
I feel the modern feminist movement contains within it troubling racist/homophobic/trans-exclusionary elements, and in the name of not in-fighting or tearing each other down the feminist movement has leant both explicit and tacit support to the more vile elements in its ranks.
I've had an internal struggle with my feelings towards our society's shift on transgender.
The end conclusion that I find obvious, is that male intimacy has declined because of HOW we are ACCEPTING gay relationships.
I have a male friend, we consider ourselves to be brothers, like many of the men in those pictures.
He's a part of my family, a second big brother to my sisters, and a man I would trust with my life, every time.
I am a 22-year-old female, and when I am asked about whether I want to have kids, I always say I am not even thinking about it until I am 30.
For the life of me I cannot understand why some women use this as a measurement of assumption on how boring the male is.  
To me this sounds as if this is another hoop someone has to jump through just to even talk to the woman.  
On the weekends im out with my friends and we go out and about our town, seeing movies, hanging with girls, going to the pool hall (kinda big around here).
On the other hand, I feel a very strong care and love for my friends, male or female.
I recently watched Inside Man Season 2 Episode 8 about College Athletes.  
Third, my disclaimers: I'm a white woman with no native American heritage.
Archaeological evidence shows a ridiculously high (by today's standards) amount of people dying violently, something like 1 in 4, and male mortality in particular was so high only 40% of all men who ever lived actually survived long enough to reproduce (I think scientists found this out by studying DNA).
The other day I had to step in and help a woman who was quite obviously uncomfortable with the way a man at the bar we were all at was talking to her.  
I've never had an uncomfortable situation arise with turning anyone down, which as a straight man happens pretty much every time someone hits on me at a gay bar.  
I think the world would be a better place if bars and nightclubs hired a group of intimidating, hairy gay men to roam around their establishment uncomfortably hitting on the guys there.  
I am a woman.  
I am the mother of 2 girls.  
Now that we have that out of the way, I am so sick of extreme feminists making woman feel bad for doing or liking "girl" things.
What I don't like is the idea that wearing make-up, liking pink, enjoying Disney Princesses, or indulging in handbags somehow negates a woman's ability to think, love and excel at science and math, or become CEO.  
Edit 2: So it looks like what I am viewing as extreme feminism is actually straw man feminism.  
I think it was Man City vs. West Brom.
I could try and find many other examples of Reddit's closed-minded rejection of the norm (white, 20-something middle-class male), but you get my point.
* *Sexist (because males would not face the same requirement):*  I am undecided here, but might require males to get vasectomies, because I think these are non-invasive and easily reversible.  
I'm 19, male and haven't had a girlfriend yet, and that seems to be allowing some weird views to sprout.
I feel like I need a girl who hasn't had sex or a boyfriend before, ever.
I feel women have the upper hand in the dating game, so there must exist some sort of penalty for them getting free sex/relationships so the game is fair again.
I feel that I, as a guy, have to work so hard at approaching, becoming more sociable, constantly bettering myself and all that bla, while for girls, it just happens.
Ya'll can stop telling me that male advocacy groups exist
In their goal of empowering women, I believe that this message that they are sending out is hypocritical, and counterproductive to their endgoal.
I'm a strait man,and I have not never once seen a penis (that didn't belong to me) and thought anything but "I'd prefer if I weren't looking at that penis.
Notice that I'm not saying all women in general will only have sex for money, attention, favors, etc.
Yet still till this day I can’t overcome this distorted views I have towards women do to my mom having her gold digger's agendas.
Every time I go out and I see women check me out I never feel flattered.
My mom isn’t the only negative example I have, I even see the majority of women who I come across in public projecting these types of behavior.
Though I'm really not a club person I do go out clubbing with my peers every now and then, yet in these places I only see women being drowned to guys that buy them endless drinks, who resemble Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt, and has lots of flashy expensive attires, just to give a few examples.
Anyways, I just know that not all women in the world are like this but the memories of my troubled past won’t let me overcome this ignorance.
First and foremost, I believe that women and men should be treated equally.
What I don't understand is those who decide they want to be *considered* a man after being born a woman.
Why would someone decide they want to be "treated like a man" when all my life I've been told women should be treated the same?
Edit to clarify: I'm aware that men and women are treated differently, but feel that they shouldn't be, and therefore shouldn't have to make the distinction.
I recently met a man who got separated from his parents when he was 16 because they were undocumented and got deported.
Up until then, I was all for it and believed it was "pro choice" (which is an absolutely disgusting term) and was just part of women's rights.
Call me old fashioned or against women's rights, but I stand firm in that that child, no matter the age or stage of pregnancy, is a life that could do great things, or just live a happy life, if given the chance.
On the subject of women's rights here, I would simply say that contraceptives and condoms are cheap and available at your local drugstore, or hell even free from your doctor if you ask him.
I'm thinking here of cases like the polygamist Mormon sect(s), or the Ultra-Orthodox Jews who require strict gender segregation, or groups of political radicals who want to live in an anarcho-syndicatist commune, or even things like nudist colonies or a group made up entirely of gay men or whatever.
I can really not agree with how it is argued, that the right for abortion is about the bodily integrity of the woman or about the authority of women over her own body.
I can understand, where this argument comes from, and i don't want to dismiss that every woman should have the right over her body.
And for what i know the same reasons for granting abortion for her, could then be used to argue for a male abortion (not that i would find that a bad thing, but the implementation of such a thing will be really really complicated).
|119|/u/DaystarEld|[CMV: I'm a man who finds MRA more irritating than respectworthy.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2ygdlk/cmv_im_a_man_who_finds_mra_more_irritating_than/)|
I should start off by saying that I am a 23 year old female from Texas.
I have had sex with 4 men and 3 women in my lifetime thus far.
When a teacher - male or female - starts a school year, I think that they have a certain moral obligation to complete the year.
Additionally, men tend to be more aggressive when conducting negotiations for pay" and i agree with it in which case women make as much if not MORE than men.
Say for example a person holds the belief that men are better suited to certain professions ( law enforcement, military etc... ) than women, but is open to other perspectives and does not resolutely hold this stance; in these circumstances I wouldn't consider him/her a bigot, as applying the definitions of bigotry provided above, the individual in question does not demonstrate an intolerance or strong dislike towards other people / opinions.
Both men and women use the stalls and I see no problem if the stall next to it is used by someone of a different gender.
As for the urinals, I think with partitioning walls between the urinals, that prevent any accidental side glances onto anyones exposed genitalia, there is no reason why a woman shouldn't see the fully clothed back of a man while he's peeing.
"Bitch ass negro," is a good one (I don't even know if the driver is black or female, it just feels good).
Also, I dunno if anyone else remembers being a teenage boy like I do, but teenage boys talk shit to make themselves seem cooler and tougher.
I am a woman in a US military academy and I don't think we have a right to serve in most military functions.
At this point it's too late for me to back out because I signed a contract; this discussion is geared more to not feeling like I cheated someone more qualified (read: male) out of a position.
Women have different uniforms than men, and I'm not referring to pregnancy blouses or cuts in uniform.
In the environments I've been in-- both simulated combat (two-week long training exercises in the field) and in garrison-- it seems that men and women are concerned for their teammates regardless of their gender.
This also makes an assumption about sexual orientation and would have to be applied to homosexual males, who I do not have an issue with serving.
so I don't feel it's a strong contender for a no-women argument.
I live in an apartment with several roommates, all male.
It's like for me, as a woman, I wouldn't complain that "it's bullshit that I have to take off work to raise the kids while my husband works" because I don't actually have to.
I could validly complain "too many men out there expect their future wives to be stay at homes," but there's no reason for me to complain that "I have to be a stay at home" because I don't and I can pick a man who doesn't expect that of me.
So on the same token, again, it doesn't make sense to me when some men complain that hey have to pay for dates because they don't have to and women exist who don't expect them to.
What I'm trying to get at here is that if all that if someone's sex is purely what their chromosomes say and has no other aspect to it means that male and female are just names for biological traits, like eye colour.
EDIT: I think I haven't made it clear that I don't think that trans people are irrational or what
I do pretty well with women when I put forth the effort, but it just gets depressing to watch the viscous cycle of date/dump/complain I see with so many people.
As a dude, specifically a teenager, I would find the idea of girls coming into a place where I can feel comfortable about my body with the same sex (not meant to sound homosexual) be intruded by women.
Specifically change rooms, I would feel quite violated with women/girls around.
I think women do, but it **doesn't matter**: each individual issue should be fought against and corrected by all sane, ethical people.  
So I don't find the argument that MRAs can't accomplish anything because they're being held down by "The Woman" particularly effective.
Show me something they're trying to do to bring about change or help men, besides just talk about the issues.
Since I don't have the patience to read through any more posts insulting me for not acknowledging the problems men face (despite me doing so twice in the very first paragraphs of this post) I'll leave it at this: I'll respect MRAs when they do something to actually make my life as a man, or the lives of other men, better.
I understand you can't legally tell a woman what to do with her body or force her to do something she may not believe in morally but there should be consequences in having a baby two people didn't agree on.
I understand that child support is for the child not the mother, but if the father never wanted the child and would choose to not be in its life the alternative is to have a bitter man who will always resent his child and this one mistake, and will probably be better off not around.
but, I'm a middle class man with a wife and family, I'm a veteran, I work 40+ hours a week to pay my rent, I have an Associates degree from my local community college and I really don't think there's a rich person in this country who gets it.
First of all, I agree that transmen and transwomen should be able to do what they'd like with their bodies.
If you've been born a man and want to transition to a woman so that your body reflects your felt gender, that's cool with me.
But if a 5'6" man transitioned to a woman, I'd be more okay with it, because it would be less jarring and appear more natural.
I'm a feminist and all, and I like women to have equal rights to men.
I really want to see it from the other point of view, but so many women in my life told me that they like being complimented (e.g. "You look nice in that bikini", "you're sexy", "I like your hair", etc.)
IMO, I see a person as a man or woman based entirely on their biological sex.
It's why I can't see a transgender man and say "yeah that's a woman" (or would that be a cisgender man/transgender woman?
My basis for this argument is not related to the fact that I'm a man, a Christian, or socially liberal conservative with the exception of social issues such as gun control and abortion services.
This CMV really came about from the lack of discussion about any opposing sort of view that I've seen other than the classic response which will involve some sort of "you hate women" or "you're a man".
To be clear, I don't have this problem with wanting to get rid of terms like congressman or businessman, replacing them with congressperson and businessperson, because in those cases there's a real implication that the congress*man* and business*man* are, in fact, men.
The word woman, on the other hand, does not actually share that implication, so I don't see why it should be considered "unfeminist".
gt; I commit to take action against all forms of violence and discrimination faced by women and girls.
When I see protestors for example calling Darren Wilson a monster or talking about how they "know" what happened, that's a grossly under nuanced take on a very real, very important issue: how black men are routinely victimized by law enforcement across the country because of a wide swath of systemic issues.
I am female, 5'6", and currently 120 lbs.
I understand that there is a need for gender equality but "he for she" is a terrible campaign name; because no matter the content, men will look at it and be turned off the idea of it.
Now I'm not arguing about men having it better or women being oppressed, cause you could argue for days about that stuff.
But I will argue making men feel guilty before the offset isn't a good way of reaching out.
Much like the rabbi in Israel who asked where the big jewish conspiracy met, telling men they're a part of a patriarchy is going to make them think "No I'm not, I'm for women."
I think it is perfectly fine to show images of beautiful women with their music, but these women are almost always white.
The evidence shows that I'm not alone; I have been unable to date as every woman my age is working her butt off just to pay the bills.
I think that the way western society views rape (sticking to rape of women, here, for reasons I will explain below) blows it out of proportion and causes it to be much more detrimental than it needs to be.
I say this as a male victim of rape.
As I said, I'm trying to keep the discussion to females as victims rape because that is where I perceive most of the "mythically bad" aspects of rape lie, but I include this as a comparison to explain my reasoning: Although I recognized immediately that I had been raped, albeit with relatively little physical harm, I didn't assess it to be all that awful and with support from my partner, I recovered very quickly and very completely.
I am not trying to raise a robot, I am trying to raise a well-rounded, thoughtful, intelligent man.
Last time, I checked a man is necessary for an accidental pregnancy unless you're the fucking Virgin Mary.
It would be false of me to say that some of these issues are singular to men; however, the majority of these are the issues that disproportionately affect, and are regularly discussed by, men.
If I felt like being really contentious, I'd argue that issues that 'only' affect men or women don't exist - we live in shared societies, and issues that affect one will have affects on the other - but for brevities sake I'll leave this point alone.
I also would not claim that there aren't male feminists who have found feminism entirely useful and helpful in their lives, and happily consider themselves feminists.
But when I look to popular feminist websites (Jezebel, NOW, feministing) - I don't see the issues men face, especially those listed above, being discussed.
In fact, I often see these issues mocked, or furthermore, a statement regarding men's issues or rights as being unimportant.
But if I were to be a transgender/homosexual/minority/victimized/divorced-father-fighting-to-see-his-children/depressed/suicidal/traumatized man, how exactly am I meant to believe that statement when men's issues are so widely mocked?
I guess my thoughts are that men need their own movement/identity/group to discuss their own issues and problems, just like women had their own.
For some men, feminism is an answer, but I don't think it is for the majority of men; especially poor, low class, minority, those in prison, those who suffered sexual abuse, soldiers, and mentally ill men, due to how often their problems are minimalized and ridiculed by feminist's (often, inadvertedly reinforcing traditional gender norms (men should be strong and deal with their problems) in the process).
Am I incorrect in asserting that the most popular feminist blogs minimize and ridicule male issues, that it get's no mention in popular media, and yet feminist's still expect men to believe it will help them?
EDIT2: "When me and my girl were discussing the topic, she asked me why would it be bad if somebody enjoyed sitting in a park for multiple hours each day?
I think I understand the argument here: women are expected to be more subservient, submissive, etc., therefore it's liberating and empowering to do the opposite of what society expects.
So this is something I am generally quite vocal about and I often receive responses from both men and women that my thoughts are wrong but rarely a reasonable explanation as to why.
In society as I have experienced it, women are constantly fighting for equal rights and that is something I believe in.
I also believe that just as women deserve all the rights that men are entitled to, men should also be entitled to the same rights as women.
However, I have on more than one occasion witnessed a verbal argument in the street between a man and woman, quickly turn into a physical fight.
I guess a simpler way of saying it is that I believe the societal belief that a man should not strike a woman is dated and does not allow for equal rights for both men and women i.e. a person's right to defend themselves with equal force.
I think it is fair to say we can all agree that 'on average' a man is going to be more powerful than a woman, even when of equal size.
I guess my main frustration with this issue is the abuse of 'power' by women who realise they can attack a guy who is of equal/bigger size without fear of retaliation.
While I 100% understand the woman's pain and frustration, I think she's wrong in keeping her child away from his or her father.
Well, I went to the movies (completely full) and a black girl with a big afro was blocking the view of an old guy.
I'm a single 25 year old male and I also feel that the only way to get a decent, attractive woman is to work some stupid shit job and buy shit i dont need to impress them.
Obviously men can get regular sex from someone who they are not in a relationship with (I'm actually doing that now) so sex is not any kind of advantage either.
(Well the law varies from state to state, but I agree with the ultimate power of a judge to "enforce" fatherhood on a man previously assumed to be the father.)
I have the utmost sympathy for a man in that situation.
However, I want to assume that most men who truly love their children who they have been actively raising for years would want to continue to raise those children even after discovering that the children aren't biologically his.
If a man found out his kids aren't his biologically, and the kids were then taken away from him and he had no legal recourse to ever see them again, I believe we as a society would be outraged and want to defend these fathers by insisting they have a legal right to their children even if not biologically related.
I believe both men deserve maligned legacies.
The single male voice in the fourth movement unaccompanied by the orchestra is what I am referring to.
I also do acknowledge that there are biological differences between a male and a female which can lead to more differences than simply just biological.
In conclusion, I believe the factor that should be used to decide whether a person is male or female, should only be the sex they were born with.
I would like to start this by saying i am fully supportive of the transgender community.
That said, I believe that when transgender individuals say that 'they are a girl in a boy's body' this can't really be interpreted as anything other than a delusion.
It would be correct to state, for example, 'I am a boy who identifies more with female traits.
I want to be a female, but I am male.'
This is an accurate description and I understand that obviously that is a very long-winded explanation which is unreasonable to expect them to recite every time they explain their position, but I still believe that to say you are actually a girl but happen to have a penis, (or XY Chromosomes if they have had an operation,) is delusional.
This lead me to think that trans people were making a biological statement, when in fact they are not.
I think particularly with regards to women and feminism, this is posing a problem.
Of course these are generalizations but if the trend continues I can see western society facing the troubles of being primarily composed of "men" in coming decades.
Now, there's certainly an argument that white males are given an unfair amount of the best roles (and I would agree), but the Academy can't really change that.
And I realize that the vast majority of voters are white and a large majority are male, but based on the way they've been voting I don't really think they're racist.
The other kid says "hey man that's fucked up that he gets a feast and I've never even gotten a present".
I am straight male, probably a bit bicurious.
2) I personally never found these features attractive, a topless woman or the full behind nude shots of women do not sway me that much sexually.
3) I think deep down my thinking with respect to sexual attractiveness of women is like this : breasts or ass do not have a direct primary sexual interest for me, the thing that my penis wants is the vagina not anything else.
First disclaimer: I don't like football; I've never seen the appeal of men kicking a ball around a field while lots of people scream.
Girls  completely ignore me (on the left now)
but after morphing several of my features (right), I become a *hot* guy that girls would have no issue with sleeping with.
I shall mainly use this article as reference being that if I am not sympathetic of young girls joining ISIS then I probably won't be sympathetic of anyone else.
I have such trouble with this, i try to understand, but as a woman i feel like all woman have brains in their heads and we know...
I am not victim blaming at all, no woman deserves to be beaten or hit unless obviously she physically attacks someone else and it is in self defence.
However i feel that women (and men) who are in an abusive relationship or domestic abuse should be smart enough to understand what is happening and i cant quite understand what it would feel like to stay in this kind of relationship...
He even accused me of implying mine was more important than that of opposition to violence against women.
Now I realise some of these men WERE behaving harassingly, but many of them were simply giving complements and greetings.
I believe common human courtesy that all humans should strive to show to their fellow men and women because it makes the world so much more pleasant for us all would be for police officers to not start ticketing cars until a few minutes past 8am, so that residents who are coming to move their cars at 8am are not going to get fined anywhere from $30 to $75 (yup, $75 in my city) for being just a few minutes late or perhaps simply having a clock that happens to be a few minutes slower than the police officer's clocks.
Guy was a huge dick - that's clear,  but the underlying question of, "Are women as funny as men?" is what I'm getting at.
To put it short, I think that in addition to using humor to appeal to one's own gender, guys have to develop an ability to make women laugh in order to get laid.
I do agree that there is some feedback from 'society' which helps to reinforce these roles, but I think the causal aspect of the difference in comedy careers as well as why these roles are perpetuated in society are because of the differences in how humor is used to attract males vs. females.
Just for a heads up, I agree with a lot from the men's rights movement and I feel like most debates go in circle over hypothetical situations and personal anecdotes.
I feel a lot of contraction when I debate this with pro-choice advocates because they are anti-choice for the male and only pro choice for women.
Yes, the majority of viewers are probably females who love watching romantic comedies and shows like Gossip Girl (I am guilty).
I 100% believe in transgender people.
I believe the people who say they are genderfluid are actually simply transgender.
I think they are just transgender in denial.
This is becoming another drop in the bucket of "let's criticize men because it makes us feel a rush to call them out," but that would be me digressing a bit.  
So I was reading an article on how Sweden has handled prostitution in their country in which it mention that "Sweden's unique strategy treats prostitution as a form of violence against women in which the men who exploit by buying sex are criminalized".
I've dated a girl who did pornography on the sly for extra cash and she claimed to enjoy her sessions, but even if it was true that no sex worker really wanted to be a sex worker, a lot of people work terrible jobs because the pay is good.
If potential clients were screened and the sex workers had a choice in their occupation and the right to refuse service it seems hard for me to see that as exploitation and violence against women.
Today a male coworker (29) suggested I send him flowers at his workplace for our anniversary.
That set me off thinking about girly things, and manly things, and chick flicks, and men not listening, and all the ways in which men protest that they don't understand or like what women do and women protest the reverse.
Furthermore, I find this segregation perpetuates the idea that male homosexuals are promiscuous because it accentuates my entire argument above, summed up with "Why the need for a *gay*
I think that many women don't realize how much hyperbole men use with each-other and so they equate all the shit-talking to misogyny.
What I have a hard time understanding is why women choose to get abortions knowing that they are ending a human life.
It is very hard for me to wrap my head around the fact that women can be so selfish to give up a life, when there are families out there trying so hard to have children, but can’t.
I have also heard many times that it is the women’s body and she should decide what to do with it.
With all of that being said, I do agree that there needs to be better sources of education for troubled women who don’t have anyone to turn to for guidance.
I also know the dangers if the woman’s life is at risk, but in modern society there are many different approaches that can deal with these situations.
I respect the ability for men and women to risk their lives for the sake of "serving their country", but there's exists a glorification in the phrase "serving your country" because it's blind to the goals of the military engagement.
I think there are certain instances where we need to intervene due to our military strength and stance on civil liberties (WWI + WWII), but I think our attitude needs to shift away from a blind appreciation of military men and women, because military involvement is a choice, not a must.
That being said, I am an uncircumcised male.
Edit: I am an Asian woman.
As I say, why do men have a practical and logical method of sizing for clothes (where the number relates to the inches) where as female clothing is 8, 10, 12, 14 etc.
I appreciate women know roughly what size they are in their scheme but surely women could adopt the same scheme as men where the numbers are referencing an actual size rather than an accepting what a "size 10" is?   
I also appreciate that women will say that a 10 is a complete package of numbers based on criteria for a few different body parts.
Am I being tyrannical by forcing the young man to follow my laws if he continues to stay on my land?
If the young man explicitly disobeys my laws, and my laws include a clause to *punish* him for his disobedience, am I allowed to punish him as I punish the couple, as they have explicitly allowed me to do via their contract with me?
I believe that the true backlash for this movie is because people don't like the idea of middle-aged women going to see a naughty movie.  
First, I want to say that I have absolutely no prejudice towards trans people.
Though I put very little weight on it, being trans is considered a [disorder](https://www.psychologytoday.com/conditions/gender-identity-disorder), something the LGB has been trying to disassociate with (even though homosexuality has been dismissed as a disorder for a while now).
So I have been dating this girl for 3 months now and i just found out
I do not believe that demisexuality is an oppressed sexuality in modern America because historically, heterosexual demisexuality has been enforced as the default sexuality for women in much of the first world.
I believe that straight demisexuality is considered the "default" by popular society, and because women are often penalized for not being demisexual, it is not a marginalized sexuality even if it is not as prevalent as popular opinion expects it to be.
I can't wrap my head around the argument that women should have the right to abort a fetus that is 20+ weeks old.
I mean, to say that a biological man who wears dresses, talks in a high voice and sleeps with men is "Transgender" would be to agree that it isn't appropriate for men to wear dresses, talk in a high voice, and sleep with men.
I grew up being told that the conventional wisdom was men are easy to bring to orgasm, and are simple sexually, and women take more care and effort and can have a variety of orgasms (vaginal, clitoral, g-spot, etc.)
What I've found in my own experiences both with others and by myself is that male and female sexuality are very analogous with one another.  
I personally have no experience with male g-spot stimulation, but I'm imagining this pattern continues.
The perceived difference in the 'ease of achieving climax' I believe to stem from the differences in the physiology involved; in that, conventional sex (not foreplay) does seem to favor the male orgasm over the female.  
I'm no evolutionary biologist, but this seems like it would be logical for this to have resulted due to male orgasms being required for the creation of progeny, where as female orgasm is incidental.  
But this absolutely happens to me/men as well, and takes some fervent effort to recover from, if that's even possible at all.
This has always confused me, because first of all, those assumptions *are* correct most of time considering the ratio of trans to cis people.
I'm definitely not implying sex is the same as gender, but considering all of the debates over trans people should be treated then wouldn't it be logical to just stop using gender all together in favor of sex?
I think women's restroom shouldn't be a women's restroom, it should be a female bathroom.
If I call you Mr. it's because you have a penis and are a male, not because you "feel" like a woman.
I think a male should be able to act like anything he wants, I believe they should be true to how they feel.
These thoughts I've presented are only meant for trans-people that dress and behave like they identify as cis when they self-identify as trans.
I believe that blacks in particular should emigrate to Canada or elsewhere because many white Americans and American institutions are too prejudiced against them and young black men must live every day in fear of police or gangbangers.
To me someone who believes that they are a woman trapped in a mans body is a clear example of a mental disorder.
|465|/u/jameisisgone|[CMV: I would never hit a woman, but it is kind of hard to argue against "equal rights, equal lefts"](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2uilx4/cmv_i_would_never_hit_a_woman_but_it_is_kind_of/)|
|306|/u/lingeringthrowaway|[CMV: I feel like transwomen demand too much of others by expecting us to accept them as being the same as cis women.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2ufkrx/cmv_i_feel_like_transwomen_demand_too_much_of/)|
In retrospect, pretty much every aspect of male sexual culture is a counterargument to that theory, but I guess it’s just really hard for my brain to generate “you are a mental mutant” as a hypothesis.
I don't need to throw statistics at you for you to know that porn use is almost universal among sexual young men with internet access.
I don't have anything against porn at all, but there is *absolutely* a problem when that's how men are learning about sex.
I was eating up this shitty misrepresentation of female sexuality, and I believed it for much longer.
Going on into adulthood I still had no idea that women need clitoral stimulation, and I only learned because I'm interested enough in the topic to have actually read books about this.
I doubt most men have.
But I think I was very much being measured against the women in porn and found wanting.
There were sometimes of him standing at the bottom of the bed, naked, and asking me why I didn't react like a normal girl.
Women I've talked to frequently say that they *didn't know*
As far as I can tell, physical intimacy is hugely important for successful relationships among sexual people; **so by providing men and women with a good idea of how to make sex enjoyable (which they need), we improve people's chances of successful long term relationships**.
I've been banned for commenting on that sub merely for questioning a girl who complained that a guy she'd been talking to him for 2 hours was creepy...
I was banned after questioning a girl and then making a valid point to a moderator, apparently breaking 'rule 7'.
&gt;That's true, but when I see a woman I find attraction in her feminine qualities.
A woman with beautiful hair, nice eyes, good face structure, and good figure are very appealing to me, and I like them to be typically feminine.
That's the thing keeping me from dating a more masculine woman, someone who's more prone to exercise or the typical "butch lesbian" if that makes sense, someone a bit more mannish.
I like the feminine girls
Anyway, those features are part of the reason why I find feminine women sexually attractive.
If I'm bisexual, I find women attractive for their feminine qualities and men for their masculine qualities.
To me, this is more confusing for people who are trying to understand the LGBT movement because most people know what Bi means but don't know what Pan means, but also outcasts Transgender people more.
However, saying "I'm Pansexual" to me sounds more like "I'm okay with boys, girls, and transgenders" which makes them sound like some kind of awkward third category that has to be added on.
So, as GamerGate was hitting popularity, I started to wonder why there was so many white males behind the movement.
I was seeing ~85% of the GG supporters weren't PoC or women.
I remember one story was about a girl being mad about her husband dropping $45,000 a brand new truck....
I remember another girl in South Dakota had her rich dentist father paying for everything including her rent on her own house.
I'm talking a 16 year old girl living with her two children in the same house as 8 other children.
Allow me to begin by stating that I am a man who personally thinks that people get way too bent out of shape, overly dramatic, and exaggerated when it comes to gender equality and what not.
I look at naked women doing naked women things online.
So, I'm sitting here about to lose my man card.
Sorry for the long title but I think all of these events will all happen in tandem as a larger structural social change in relationships between men and women.
Yet every woman I've met wants them, and views me in a different light when I tell them I've been seriously considering getting a vasectomy since I was 19 years old.
This has become an issue because I recently met a really cool girl who happens to be a dancer.
In [Jonathan Soma's maps of singles in the United States](http://jonathansoma.com/singles/#3/4/4/0)), for the 25-34 age range (the age I'm looking in) in cities with a population of 500,000 or more, not a single city shows up as pink (meaning a surfeit of single women in that age)—with **all** showing a surfeit of single men.
For men, it seems like the formula is something like great personality (by which I mean gregarious, charming, outgoing), well connected with lots of friends and acquaintances, at least average looking or more, financially stable, etc.
These are risks women certainly face to a much higher degree than women, but men do face the risk of fights and assault from other men (I have been attacked at a not-trashy bar several years back by some guy and a few of his friends for merely talking to "his" woman).
This can probably get annoying, and probably some men's approaches are downright creepy, but from my perspective of having not been on a date since May (and before that, more than a year), getting approached by a bunch of women, many of whom I have no interest in, is a problem I'd like to have.
I believe that gender is a simple matter of sexual organs and horomones, and that if you are biologically a female, no amount of gender identification could make you male (or vice versa).  
A lot of girls will say that they identify as males, and they truly feel they are males, therefore they are males, but I think that that just makes them transgendered, and that they shouldn't make others refer to them as male.  
&gt; "I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to 'order' than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says: 'I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action'; who paternalistically believes he can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by a mythical concept of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait for a 'more convenient season.’
   I believe that guns are tools that allow evil people to do evil things, I also believe that guns man a woman as powerful as the man trying to rape her and I think they make a peasant as powerful as a king.   
I have a friend who came out to me as a transwoman recently
While I do think that it's very sad that her wife ran away, I don't think she could have really expected fidelity from someone who thought she had married a man.
I've been trying to change my view by looking at transgender subreddits to convince myself that my friend can one day become the woman she wants to be on the outside, but it hasn't really been helping.
I want them to be happy as I want my friend to be happy, but I just feel like our pretending to think they really look like women is more harmful than not, since there are less supportive people out there who will crush their elevated sense of looking like a passable woman.
I don't know what I'm supposed to say when my friend tells me about how she would like to go on dates with cis men who don't have a fetish for transwomen.
It all just seems so hypocritical to me for her to only want cis men.
I would say my male friends are all very open minded
but when I asked if they'd be open to dating trans women, they all said they wouldn't even if they were completely passable on the outside.
(I am in no way saying trans people are like pedophiles.)
They should all be women, because it really isn't hurting me to think in that way and it seems that's what trans women want: to be treated and seen as regular ol' women.
I wish I could just be called a woman, so I'd imagine trans women would also just want to be called women as well.
If a cis man is in search of a woman with whom he would hope to eventually have biological children, then I especially don't think he can be regarded as being transphobic.
I mention cis men and not cis women because I do think that within our society (I live in the US), women are socially "allowed" to be more fluid
and I know many cis women who have dated transmen or have said they're open to the idea of dating one.
I mean if a woman intends to kill their unborn, how do you stop them, how would you prosecute against that, if someone is so sick to think that their convenience is more important than a life, would you even want that person to raise a child at all,  banning abortion just leads to more risky back alleyway abortions, I mean there's all sorts of... practical grounds, that banning abortion does not work.
I believe that historically, when artists such as Elvis profit from recording songs such as "Hound Dog" (originally written by an African-American woman), it is because of underpinnings of inequality.
Historically, I feel like appropriation was allowed in the music industry because of racist undertones ("If I could find a white man who had the Negro sound and the Negro feel.
I think it'll be a powerful tool with many uses, even leading to a golden age in science to the point where new sciences emerge based on whatever's beyond logic--but I don't think the AI will harm humanity because its "thinking" would be too narrow no matter how much data you throw at it, and that it's complexity would actually exaggerate its weaknesses and work against itself and not man.
Often, I'm in support of these changes, often to do with gay/women's/minority rights, and as a white, middle class male, I feel it's my duty to support these movements in particular.
To be fair, the $160-$240 I spend per year for female healthcare and the related prescription would be covered 100% under any health insurance.
I will start by saying I am a gay man.
For more than two years, I did an anecdotal study about straight men who engaged in gay sex for the first time.
Straight men have a sense of territory and ownership that I do not see in gay men.
I can recall one incident where a straight man who I had an "encounter" with connected with me well.
I would say that one of the main reason is in the behavior and thought patterns is  that straight men  to some extent  are conditioned to think that their mate is to some extent their property.
I think that the number of pregnant women claiming short term disability drives up the cost of premiums.  
In seventh grade there was girl who was rumored to have sex with different boys and wanted to have sex with me, or so she said.
Yes, I've read about the effects of excessive levels of sugar, trans fat and other "unhealthy" stuff, but at the end of the day I think that all becomes pretty irrelevant if the person lives a "healthy" life by sleeping well and exercising.
To make a long post even longer, although I have for several reasons indicated to family and friends that I have never, and probably will never desire  a romantic relationship with a black women, they either a)ignore me or b) repeatedly try to fix me up with black women, and make a point to repeatedly bring the topic up.
The man claimed that he was so broken/shook up by the event because, and I am paraphrasing, he felt as a police officer his first job was to save lives and not catch criminals.
I have some friends that are girls, but they are mostly acquaintances.
I don't believe that 'women and men can't be friends'.
 But I *do* believe that 'women and men cannot be close friends'.
I'm a 27-year-old Indian-American male living in Silicon Valley.
The part of the Bay Area where I live is notorious for having way more men than women.
Of course, the problem is that, other than online dating, I don't really know where or how I'd meet women for the purposes of a romantic/sexual relationship, but that's another story.  
I don't believe women should inherently be paid less.
All else being equal, I have no problem with a man and woman getting paid the same if they do the same work under the same conditions (or two people of any gender).
I also get a scholarship from the university just for having a slightly-above-average GPA, and a small scholarship from being a female science major.
Viscerally, there is a part of me that thinks any price is worth paying to spare those two men from the bloody fate of James Foley et al.
So I was asking my friends and the problem is that all the girls answered fellatio, few boys answered fellatio and the other answered cunnilingus.
I think that the patriarchal view of the society makes the cunnilingus more valuable in a couple because it is the man providing pleasure to the woman.
It has helped me to realize that my original question was badly thought out and to clarify my thinking into "Dates are a waste of time - there are other things to do that are more fun and will have a greater result in enriching your social life and getting you to make more friends, both men and women, who may end up being future partners"
-If I condone forcing a woman to have her fetus aborted, I obviously condone violating some basic human rights.
One girl I knew who used to live with her boyfriend- her BF's parents owned the apartment and after the breakup she slept on the couch.
Women and children (Some women were allowed to not be executed immediately but it was uncommon) were immediately gassed to death, I don't know if you're aware but gas at that time was not a quick death, it was a very painful death that made the person gasp and seize, their last moments were likely very painful.
I'm a 22 female  which is young for my age and kids, in my opinion.
I want to start this off by stating that i am a 23 year old white male and have not spent much time in the south.
I am interested in learning more about if women/people of color/non-christians are treated with more disrespect/systemic disadvantage in the south than the north.
I had to kick one of them in the nuts for saying extremist bullshit (he said Iranian women should wear stricter hijab.
I am a 25 year old white male from the south with a wife and 1 year old son.
I was watching a st jude infomercial and a little girl said we might someday find a cure for cancer, and i realized how naiive of a thought this is.
I'm under the impression that it is solely about this girl.
but it is illogical to say "Man, I would be making so much more if income tax was lower!"
I have personally observed this happening with young teenage boys in the gay community.
